before i had the courage to be myself, i had to break through walls and chains that were keeping me from experiencing truth.

it was... it was beyond painful. it was as if my very soul was being burned alive, and the skin i thought i was... it was all burning. it was incredibly painful. to see people i thought who loved me, abandon me when they saw who i truly was all my life. at this point, i was completely alone. i was alone in my own abyss. no friends. no therapy. no spiritual guide. no father. no mother. i could not even hear God. 

but i had myself. and when my body wanted to give up... those were the moments where i looked up at the sky in my abyss and i said... " there i want to be... i want to be that beautiful girl that i know i am. she's on the inside... and she's not drowning anymore... infact, she is the only thing keeping me afloat right now."

it was a dream... i loved seeing myself as a woman. i loved the idea of turning myself into a girl. at first this sounded like a fetish. i tried so hard to push it away... everyone in my life told me i was possessed by demons... that Satan himself was brainwashing me... just like the other teenagers. People said some horrific things. 

"You aren't a woman, You're traumatized."
"You were a beautiful boy, what happened? I miss him. Bring him back."
"You don't even know who you are."
"Why don't you accept yourself?"
"No man will ever want to be with you"
"You will never be the woman of your dreams."
"You are confused. You'll go back to who you truly are. God will save you."
"God will save you."
"Nobody is coming to save you."
"Life is unfair, kill yourself or get over it."
"You should just kill yourself."

When i cried for help, these are the voices I heard. Those voices played in my head. They tormented me. I was beginning to lose myself. 
I reached a point where I was so isolated, that I didn't even want to transition anymore, I wanted God to end my life becuase I couldn't take this. I was living in a body that I couldn't control, and I wanted desperately to just be at peace. 

I had no idea how to make money, or get myself hormones, or therapy, or heal. I was completely lost. I was isolated. I felt like I was just a slave, given a false dream... and the dream of seeing myself actually heal? That dream became so painful I stopped wanting it.

This is the scaries part of my life. I was moments away from ending my life. So many times I asked myself... "Look... look down there... it could all end in a moment... all this pain... all this confusion... the uncried tears..."

"Maybe if in life they couldn't understand me or see me... my dead body would show them how much pain I was truly in."

This is known as "Revenge suicide." It's not essentially to cause harm, but to send a final message. I almost did it. I speak from personal experience that living in this world, the way it is today... drives some of us to madness. 

And throughout human history, it's always been this way. Madness is a disease with no cure, only healing.

So what saved me?

People... at this stage of my life, were just knives slashing my insides. I am a very sensitive soul. And when I listened to what people said, I truly did want to die.

But then in my  most private of moments... I listened to my quiet voice, the girl who had been there all this time. "I just want to live. I want a boyfriend. I want a new life. I want to heal. I Want to be a good human being. I want to help my fellow trans friends, to get the help they need. I'm tired of watching us be beaten to death and commit suciide because this world is sick and isolates us."

I didn't hear the voice of a demon or satan... I heard the voice of a beautiful angel girl, who had her wings torn and clipped. She was made to believe she was like everyone else, that she should have just accepted herself. 