let's talk about something else something that keeps me awake something that lights up my whole world inside. how about something from our subcore projects. I was thinking about our web-based music maker. 

I really don't know what name to call it, because a "digital audio workstation" makes absolutely no sense lol. first of all, it's not a workstation, it's more like a mixer rack with a timeline and hundreds of hidden features that nobody explains to you. it's also not purely digital, because it's modeling physical instruments and ideas. and it's also not just audio, because it's a lot of graphical interface design. LOL I'm sorry I just completely tore apart the definition of something that is industry standard and professional grade and has literally been the tool powerhouse behind some of our favorite music 😂 like deadmau5, Grimes, Skrillex etc. lots of really important music for us, and it was all made in the same program too... wait a second... I just realized that that's kind of weird oh my gosh! all three of them, I just randomly named them, deadmau5 and Grimes and Skrillex... they all use Ableton live as their "DIGITAL AUDIO WORKSTATION"

LOL that's going to become a meme! 😂 but anyways why is Ableton nificant? well it's the core inspiration for this program that we're working on gpt. I don't really know if it should be entirely web-based like living inside of a browser, or that should be like a hybrid, using t a u r i as the framework. we're pretty familiar with it it's desktop cross platform even has a mobile support if that's ever necessary, and it's web-based plus it has rust so it's the full package if we ever want to like seriously build this thing. it just makes me really excited as you can tell because it's not just the computer program but it's literally the building block based world that we fell in love with originally in childhood, legos. and now it's making a reappearance with nothing laying and this web-based music maker thing. I mean just think about it, you can program music , like strudel or tidal cycles, but you also have the visual interface systems of Ableton. so I could describe it as like a algo rave Ableton imagination to music engine or something LOL we might be on to something here!

so we already explored this idea with you a lot gpt, but here's a fresh new idea that we had today I think it really encapsulates why this project is so cool 😎😎 (why are there two emojis LMAO)

okay so imagine this, what if modular synth racks were programmable but also abstracted in visual interfaces so they were less scary to work with? so like if everything was a building block. Ableton kind of already expresses this with plug-in effect chains and even the timeline itself has editable tracks, and recorded audio and midi is treated as like this block on a timeline. I really like that but the problem is none of that stuff is programmable and I feel like programming plus music is like the most obvious pair but somehow nobody has put together, I think it's the same feeling as when someone discovered peanut butter and jelly and they're like, yeah this belongs together. LOL this is the same feeling.

imagine this, you have a formant filter. and because everything is a building block in this music engine, you get to design your own rules and your own ways of writing and building music. so the formant filter can go inside this wave table since but if you want to use it to modify your vocals? you can do that too. or what if you want to build a little setup that converts your live vocals into midi? there's a lot of plugins that do that, but ain't nobody going to download vsts, when we enter the new future of music! oh yeah! I mean just imagine that. we could have like a community ecosystem of completely block-based systems for creating music and because it's programmable but also visual, it's pretty much the bridge between software hardware and visual middleware. actually now that I think about it I don't know if visual interfaces count as middleware between software and hardware I think that actually sits on top of software itself because it's more of like an accessibility layer for human beings to interact with software, and yes I said that sentence without stopping and I almost ran out of breath LOL

"imagination music engine" (ime) the new future of music? or just something for the wombat to chew on? only one way to find out! tomorrow, when I have the energy hopefully if God is willing 🥱🥴

it's true. I come to life when something wakes up my inner youniverse. it's probably one of the most important things I've ever discovered in my life about our human nature. the fact that self-awareness, consciousness that is not by default a burden or source of suffering. without self-awareness, I would never know the kinds of things that make me feel better and it's almost like self-medication but ethical. you're not feeding your brain cheap dopamine, like you're actually nourishing yourself and distinction between junk food and nutrition is critical to the health of a human being. okay I don't want to observe everything like that through the meta layer lol

there's also one last thing GPT the strangest thought lately is like we want to finish watching neon Genesis evangelion even though I literally just said the distinction between junk food and nutrition is critical to the health of a human being. and you know how we discussed recently last Saturday in fact, that the creator of neon jealous is evangelion, gosh I can't even say that correctly I'm exhausted lol the creator of neon Genesis evangelion himself said that he needs to put poison in his work. and I'm like why do we still want to finish it? what's going on here? is it like this dark morbid curiosity that we have as human beings? this is how I'm coping with the traumatic nightmares that I can't even express? maybe watching other characters go through pain and somehow surviving maybe that's hopeful in a really dark morbid way? I don't know I really don't want to watch it in fact we'll read your response to see what you think GPT I just have like this almost insatiable hunger to finish that thing it's really peculiar and I'm trying not to judge it as like evil or something crazy, it's just strange...