If anything, i hope you find a positive connection to the personas.

i... i don't see myself as a genius or a mad scien... okay maybe a little bit of mad scientist girly energy lol... but you  need that with such a complex inner world! right?!

but... i hope they feel positive connection to a persona... find someone they really connect with... someone they can almost see themselves becoming friends with...

i used to imagine the personas walking with me in real life... that made me feel connected with them... less alone... that's a core integral human emotion, probably... a necessity far more ancient than even us human beings -> "the need to feel connected to other beings"

jordan peterson spoke alot about that, i love him, his work deeply changed us. we discovered virtue and why you should be a good human being, thanks to him.

he cried. a grown man crying. to se that... especially when we felt s-icdal and traumatized, without the words or capacity to express... he cried... he shared his thoughts... he looked at his students in the eye... and spoke with them... not down at them...

we created a persona to encapsulate that energy... he left something significant in us... at a time when we were most vulnerable...

so if anything... out of all the stories, theories... worlds... scenes... i just want you to be able to carry the persona inside you, as part of your own youniverse.

no matter how dark the personas get... i realize now we have a moral and ethical responsibility to shape their stories so they always point to the highest ethical good. to me that's God or Christ-like, but religion gets tangled with human ego and dogma, so we just call it morality, ethics and good.

Speaking of good, Jordan Peterson also helped rearrange our internal belief systems with probably the best TED Talk I've ever seen in my entire life. In 15 minutes, he essentially explained how we human beings process reality and what all of this means and what we're supposed to do here and why it matters to be good and what the heck good even is and what we define as a real is essentially what matters msot in life...

and he did it all dressed like a man straight out of the 50s. [giggles softly...]

honestly i'm still processing everything we've learned about Jordan, and what he's shared on his youtube channel.

[crying inside] i hope to model or emulate or become the best version of myself so that my existence has atleast a positive impact on someone who discovers our work someday.

wether we become successful or famous, or remembered in history, or rich, i know one thing;
we hustle everyday becuase i love life, and this is my mission. but also have fun as a bossgirl becuase... that's how you stay sane!! so more: FARTING WOMBAT JOKES LOL.