essentially, we must continously learn to work with the forced of chaos and order. problem and solution. trial and error.  there's no perfect design, becuase we are exploratory creatures, not computers. we don't solve problems by thinking, we solve by putting thought to the test.

philosophically, here's something I also want to express. The tragedy of being an engineer is that we are basically creating miracles, but nobody teaches us self-care. And what I mean by that is, most of what an engineer is doing is analyzing the world we live in and speaking a language of problem-solving. And that's really where human creativity comes from... survival-based needs of evolution... i think! and so... an engineer might see a problem, and instaed of listening to the collective "don't fix what ain't broken" the engineer literally cannot resist this. it's like pollen for a honey bee lol. you're literally designed to want to solve puzzles in life. that's how i feel anyway... part of us. and so... i remember this scene from the movie 'how to train your dragon' where hiccup is basically helping his dragon; toothless, to fly with a broken wing and tail. and throughout the movie, hiccup iterates on the design. with each trial and error, new insight. he gets hurt. it's painful for both of them, but when they finally fly again, it's exactly what it feels like for an engineer to finally get it. it's like... freedom... you could say for someone like us, it reaches spiritual levels of meaning lol. it's like "this mf be having euphoria while staring a javascript codeblock at 3am" type energy LOL from the outside you literally have no idea (literally lol) what the engineer is feeling and experiencing in the moments where all the trial and error, the design, the hours, the chase, when all of that reaches a resolution, it's like hiccup and toothless, soaring in the clouds, far above the world they were trying to navigate. that's what it feels like. not "God-like" but liberation from the inability to express solutions to a problem, you understand. something like that :)