this idea expresses the importance of fighting for your life, and being consistent, and showing up for yourself, especially in the hardest moments where your body and brain don't work properly... and practically speaking, how do I stay consistent when it's hard?

recently we spoke about how forward movement towards a valued direction, is probably... fundamentally what meaning is to the human being...

so in that light... naturally the natural enemy of the human being are things that not only stop the forward movement, but also take away the desire to move at all.

from what i know about neuroscience/biology... not everything can be explained merely through acids and chemicals, but dopamine is the chemical of chase and desire... this is why depression medication targets dopamine receptors, becuase they are essentially a PHYSICAL BRAIN ISSUE... it is NOT ALWAYS a CHOICE or LAZINESS.

it's CRITICAL to emphasize that. becuase from what we've experfienced... the scariest feeling in the world for a human being isn't actually fear... but the emptiness. no feeling... that's the scariest feeling.

we fight everyday to run far, far FAR AWAY FORM THAT PLACE. that is what we mythically describe as "The Abyss" becuase at the bottom of the ocean... there is still life... only nothing has a desire to escape. life at the bottom of the ocean has evolved and adapted to the extreme conditions of darkness and lack of life.

that's eerily perfect to how psychological breakdown feels.

and the hardest part about healing is when you lose the will to fight... it's almost like... slipping in quicksand... but just before drowning... you figure out how to escape... sometimes by forcing and fighting with everything you've got... and sometimes by using strategy... sometimes... by staying still and hoping for a miracle.

this is why if forward movement is meaning at it's biological core... then it is critical to maintain momentum... but also to not get drowned in the chase... it's a careful harmony... rest... work... play... reflection...

like the four seasons in nature... rest is winter... work is the heat of the summer... play is the beginnings of spring... reflection is like autumn...

this is why stories are so powerful... it's one of the only mediums we human beings have that can describe the experience we have... which would otherwise be completely isolated to our own eyes... thank God for art :') I'M A BARD GIRL WANDERING TRAVELLER FOREVER <3

i think the place this knowledge and information belongs is... not just one story... or one page on our website... we'll figure out how to condense things practically eventually :')