- the story of Los Angeles begins with the dream of scientists and the founders, they wanted to discover their care to The human condition so that human beings would not go extinct like they almost did in the nuclear war of old earth. essentially these scientific experiments were in a pseudo virtual dimension, essentially scientists discovered how to connect lucid dreams wirelessly so that they could take full advantage of the biological hardware, while creating virtual software to communicate with human biology. this is where they ran unethical experiments... this is where Joey Doom, officer mayor and more, were assigned as test subjects and essentially fabricated. 

stress and isolation:
is much like all other emotions and isolation, they are completely overwhelming. sometimes love and joy and isolation, is simple and childlike, but sometimes emotions like stress and anger are demonstrably destructive. however stress is a sign that you are at least trying. architecturally speaking, stress is when structures have more weight than they can carry, and so the surface is stretching and stressing and eventually it will collapse. that's why it's critical to understand the cause of stress and what the body is telling us. but ultimately stress itself is not bad, it is a sign that you are moving and it is better to at least make mistakes and to not try at all. even if you get hurt. then that leads us to our other idea, if you love someone, then you stress for them. you fight for them you suffer for them.

this is why it's so crucial, it's actually the most important part of my life, that I have love. I love myself I love my child self I love life I have a deep respect for life, and I have a deep respect for my life. and I fight for myself because I'm all I have. and I'm enough. and in the moments where I ask myself why is life so hard, why is it so hard to follow my daily rhythms and to be on time and to make a sense of this life why is it so hard to solve these mathematical equations? why is it so hard to solve this software problem? why is it so hard to feel beautiful? why is it so hard to make money? is it so hard to be on time and sleep and be healthy? 

it is in those moments exactly where you can see if you truly love someone or not. it's painful and it could turn toxic very easily but just like everything in life, it carries a risk and what do we lose by going all in? 

now, it's not sustainable to realize that we're going to die, because that sends the biology into a panic state, death should always be like a little reminder but never a gravity.

this also is related to the idea that stress is preferable over nothingness because at least you're trying and there is always a risk involved in life and since we will die anyways, we don't really have anything to lose by going all in. and so if you do it, and you do it in perfectly it's okay. as long as you try and you don't give up.

structure:
in software, there is this desire to make things absolutely perfect. and that's because at the heart of computers, is absolute order and perfection. logic gates are essentially mathematical, that's why Boolean algebra exists. and the idea here is that because we are working with numbers, we have infinite precision over our instruments and the problem with this level of analysis is that extreme order becomes chaos because in order for a structure to be practically useful in everyday life, it has...?

there is a perfect structure and software however we human beings will never reach it. this is because we are not limited by space but rather time and energy. those are the fundamental constructs of a human being. and the structures that survived the longest are the ones that are the prettiest or the most robust, but rather the structures that have evolved and iterated over time without completely collapsing. that's an important concept, that the structure of a program will evolve throughout its lifetime just like a human being ❤️ (mirror tree theory)

this is why your theory is fun in theory, pun intended. but as we begin to realize, there are too many possibilities in theory and when you put it to practice that's usually where your ass gets handed to you... lol sorry... that's just how i see it! 