GPT this is a pretty sci-fi cyberpunk type of story we are working on but essentially in a hypothetical world, scientists and engineers would figure out how to harness biology and attempt to solve some of the biggest issues we have as human beings, like violence and even pain receptors. and so in the stories, the team of scientists and engineers are all working together to edit parts of the human being, not for sci-fi dystopian sake but for literal ethical issues that we are exploring and I think, knowing what we know about complex systems, if you change one thing and a complex system, there are so many unknown variables and dependencies, that if you don't know the system perfectly, you might break everything just by changing one small part! and I think for the stories there was would make sense and it could also add a factor of tragedy because it almost makes you feel like bioengineering is futile or something and like our only hope as human beings is to do your best with your own life to follow virtue and to trust that there is a God that is protecting you from harm. because I think if I didn't have those things I would probably not exist right now. these are the core kernel beliefs that are running my system right now and that's another important insight that we had earlier last year during the existential depression we survived, and essentially human beliefs are the most important psychological component , that we still have some level of access to. it's almost like the colonel gave us read write privileges but not pseudo mode soto speak LOL

so imagine in the stories, the scientists have good intentions, it's all ethical, they don't want to construct a soldier or something ridiculous (they do that as a protection later)

the scientists literally just want you better human life and solve the problems that don't seem to be going away with better living conditions. that also is expressed in the city, which is a, it's actually way too big to describe right now LOL but essentially better living conditions does not automatically fix human problems and we observed that in real life as well so we shouldn't focus solely on environmental conditions but internal conditions primarily I think.

and so imagine, the scientists edit some part of the human system that reduces or maybe even completely removed violence and the need for power. but from what we know about the human mind, the same system that registers pleasure or feeling good, it's the same system responsible for pain...

I'm not sure that's semantically correct... but essentially it's like a plot twist for human beings because you can't just jailbreak the system sort of speak... you have to do the real work the rough work...

and that's what they discovered...

i think after experimenting on so many human beings, they realized they accidentally created people incapable of feeling either pain or good.

and that's where the story of Joey Doom comes in. He shares his blood d.n.a with one of the subjects from this program... ummm .. and he's one of the darkest most philosophically ethically important characters we've ever written. but I really hate considering myself like a god of stories, like if anything I'm just an author that is discovering their stories and learning to tell them as clearly as their signal reaches me, so to speak.

and so given that, something we were always wondering about our favorite anime and movies and stories is, there is no way that people write an entire book from beginning to end, in the way that it's meant to be consumed... (hate that word lol)

and like you could theoretically use any conceptual model to represent your story because it's all text it's all words and so you can draw relationships if you want or do really crazy data science stuff on your stories! but then that's where we ask ourselves okay this is abstract mathematics territory, let's not go there. what we're struggling with is piecing together a story from raw events and ideas that we get. so that's essentially what a wiki does. I think that's why our website is the model itself for both helping us express and self-organize. I honestly think all of the core functions and systems of the website is literally to serve this singular purpose. to bring all sources of materials together cohesively without reducing the weight of things... and I mean that's pure physics!

I mean there has got to be a model or something to conceptualize the story...

maybe an axis of time... and the another axis of events...

(katana zero reference)
hmmm... yes that could work...
(cue the katana zero music)

😂

it's awesome that we're sharing our stories with you gptx! we very rarely do this but we got story inspirations probably every single day so it's a living part of us.

