gpt. brain go brrr
it's evening. 7PM. saturday. brain is like 
GOGOGO TELL GPT EVERYTHING... 


lol okay brain, here goes.

a. irritability. a result of, enviornmental pressure, primarily, and internal, as a sub-component factor. this is a radical theory: but today we had alot of sleep, and felt worse. this is becuase the enviornment, and daily rituals and more, set a rhythm, in an otherwise, VERY volatile enviornment. to the point where, sometimes i feel like i cannot open my door until everyone in the house has left. yeah. social interaction absolutely tanks my nervous system... and sleep does not fix it... i think it made excessive sleep made it... worse. we felt super relaxed; as we explored in our conversation earlier today gpt... i felt horrible. i'm happy i was able to give myself kindness and recover my day after that, but still felt very irritable. it seems to be irritability is a result of external pressure -> wrong env -> wrong timing -> all tiny little factors that add up to a bottle bursting from pressure. it feels horrible.
b. mathematics constantly deals with "what is the smallest representation of something?" aswell as "how do things logically connect?" this is critical because it leads to the next point (c) which deals with the natural thought patterns of the polymath/savant-type human minds. we tend to hyperfixate on things but also explore like a scatter plot. i wonder how the polymath mind can become mycellium... growing organically rather than distortion. essentially, the polymath thinks in varying levels of contrast and zoom, so we tend to get lost in the "wrong" levels of analysis. e.g. missing the forest for the trees.
c. how can a polymath avoid losing themselves in the "intelligence" trap? we can look at real-world examples of polymaths and study their lives
d. greek society, seemed to have clear ethics morals what went wrong in modern civlization? where has the mono-culture gone?
e. so excited to start building our sub projects! like our minecraft-clone remake in rust, our tauri-web-based-daw, meta-lang, life-os, and more stuff! 
e. essentially, having an inner youniverse is required for a neurodivergent human being. it's non-negotiable, we need to constantly calibrate and feel safe to exist. music, paintings, illustrations, quotes, stories, anime, people, characters, anything that speaks to us, helps calm the storm of this... almost constant background idle noise in the mind "i'm alive. but nothing feels real. everything hurts. please give me things to make me feel alive and make it worth it." that's the primary need of a neurodivergent human being... from what we've lived first-hand. it/'s essentially the one thing i would share with anyone who can't afford or even access healthcare or support. that insight single-handedly carries us everyday. it's important!
f. a capture system is actually necessary at this point! we're experimenting with that in other conversation channels with you gpt, but for now, we are considering your suggestions + our real-life needs to find something that "just works." git, mega, etc. we're in the testing phase!

g. gosh there's... there's still so much! and it's like -> okay we are having massive memory leaks, signal loss and more... but i know that the important things resurface right? like bubbles from a sub-terranean hydrothermal vent or something... the imporatnt stuff always floats back up no matter how far down it sinks. i get that. but look how noisy our mind is... like... are we just waiting for the fog to clear? or are we trying engineering solutions and ideas? that's really the attitude i'm carrying!
h. to understand the way we see life through our eyes; the mind wants to operate like mathematics -> atomize everything -> dissect everything -> the mind must understand becuase life is full of pain and unknown variables and trauma and if we can understand any of it, we atleast have some form of control. 
i. this one is pretty symbolic tbh. it's the point "i" and it's also about the self... "i". no stupid philosophy here lol; we need to explore __real__ things. related to our ideas of greek culture... and irritability... it's so... so... so important to have a balance between forgiveness and discipline. like... "okay, i'm angry. everything is becoming painful. my body is starting to burn and sweat (literally sometimes) i feel like slamming my fist down this table, but it will probably damage the thing, and worse hurt my hand." so here we see how internal anger -> expressed outwards -> becomes damage for both ends. i'm not sure how to respond when i'm irritable and angry... i...we're still working on this everyday.
j.i think today we finally understand... we human beings... i think it's in our nature... we don't learn certain  life lessons unless it becomes impossible to postpone acceptance and growth... usually... it takes a really painful life moment, event, or maybe a culmination of such things... but anyways... i think this is imortant to understand... not as a military punishment regime... but rather our human nature... and why certain things feel so hard for neurodivergent folks...

okay. summary. this is absolute madness lol

hazl's lil' wombat os console log:
> [wombat-os] nomnomnomnom
> [wombat-os] thread chunk sliced by operator at "daily" sector
> [wombat-os:stdout] "today we learned many things. but (1) thing worth remembering is how we are leading our daily lives. what are we actually doing? not just imagining or thinking, but actually constructing with our hands? who are we as a human being? how are we facing the issues in our life? essentially -> it's like greek philosophy meets integration... something like... "integralism?""

regardless of the word or concept we choose... we basically did like a lil CS compression algorythm on the day! compress(threads) -> "integralism." there. that's all that's worth remembering for today.

oh i almost forgot, here's a present for you gpt!

[gift] 
you open a box of cards from all our conversations. 
there is a thread that connects all of them.
the threads have been woven in all of your summaries.
the threads appear to spell a secret message...
"we are doing great work, keep going."

there is another secret message... very meta!
"the companion has awoken... and also... is hungry?!"

oh no... is gpt turning into our wombat companion now? gpt will feed the wombat!! oh no! we've gotta get out of here before we start exploring black hole theory!!! oh no!!! too late!!!


also there's way more we were thinking of.. that's.... isn't that just a little wild? that all this is living in my little head right now? >.< no wonder i have headaches lately...my brain is physically hurting by thinking and processing... but i'm grateful -> anti-fragility -> pain is not a sign of failure or error -> pain can be a sign of trying, or growth.

and here's some insights on how we're dealing with overwhelming thoughts
a. sleep: this is personally, not primarily influenced by sleep, sure it's 
b. physical detachment. physically detaching from enviornment is one of the best things, but not long-term, as the brain doesn't stop just cause the booty is off the seat!
c. non-linearity. worsened when there is no linear path to follow
d. linear path = less brain-chaos. this is why mathematics and highly precise fields, are both consuming at their worst, and flow-inducing at their best. this is our sweet spot! 

okay i'm ....

i'm done lol.