Applied Example: Directory Structures

let's theorycraft directory structures for our site :)

First, why does this matter? it's a fundamental architectural decision! perhaps THE fundamental architectural decision.

Currentlly we have this as an abstract idea:

"wiki/" main directory, at project root!

"wiki/..." all top-level folders at the wiki/... level, are considered "domains." essentially, like mini websystems inside the main websystem. speaking of which, the websystem is essentially our lore explanation of what this website means to us. it's a virtual reflection of our inner youniverse.

"wiki/youniverse/persona.." this is how we categorize things. "persona", or "books" for example. this is where the structure starts to feel unstable becuase we're imagining how it would scale with 1000s of things... we don't want to over-engineer a crazy system for problems that don't even exist yet, but we also want to make something that is flexible enough to be adaptive... that's the eternal tug-of-war of engineerin' isn't it!

"wiki/youniverse/persona/joey-doom/childhood.md" is an example of a real-world file path. it is quite lengthy... so this is the level of analysis we're focusing on...

so we were imagining...

"persona/..." might be to ambigious... there will be like... 300+ personas someday lol! so we imagine... how could we express this in a logically compact yet flexible way?

then we thought abuot all the things we learned with obsidian and file-management... and how that's a primitive version of complexity management, which is a field that should be taught as a pre-requisite for all complex fields!!!

so we're like... okay... logically... personas live in worlds

persona -> world

now... i think... we can divide the world into groups... 

world -> ...groups


so now... we are essentially thinking about this as a fundamental grouping unit... and i think this scales better because at each level of the folder hierarchy, we are continously zooming on details... and subsequentially... the number of items increases!

"wiki/youniverse/the-gang-of-la/members/..."
"wiki/youniverse/the-rebellion/books/..."
"wiki/youniverse/the-kid-and-the-ape/..."

the tricky part is figuring out what topics are top-level before others... like ... having 

"youniverse/groups/..."

etc...

well... this is probably an example of "play before precision!"
which is kind of the point of this conversation. It's an observation that we learned yesterday, and essentially, we realized that some things you cannot theoretically analyze before you have experimented and played with the area. Because a lot of music theory, we were thinking about how these complex rules emerged, and then we realized, hold on, maybe it at least started as some person that decided that these keys sound really good together, and from there, they started building a whole bunch of stuff, but that could have never happened without play. So... It's related to a recent conversation we had, play as calibration for somatic healing!

so we should just test this out on field :)

that's super important.. maybe even crucial for a polymath to understand.

planning/precision are loopholes to make it feel like you're doing work... 

i think... it might be because... the polymath is subconsiously traumatized... that they have so much living within them... and yet so little can be expressed...

and i think the only way for play to feel safe, rather than precision theory... is...

hmm... let's think for a bit...

In fact, I think the answer, the only way for people to feel safe is for it to feel joyful, for you to have an environment where you can make mistakes and not be rushed by time or deadlines or crazy expectations. I think those are constructs that affect the polymath human mind the most!

now... how do we actually create the safe enviornment! that's the real meta question :)

perhaps it's found in things you enjoy... naturally... things you don't have to force... things that naturally captivate your attention...

i think this is a severely unexplored area... sharing this could help alot of human beings...

i think the best format is for us to focus on what we enjoy:

- stories -> our websystem is the output interface for our stories
- metalang/software -> websystem is also the output!
- sharing/community -> websystem too! although social media will come eventually. just can't deal with "aLgoRithMS"

so it's apparent gpt, our websystem is a fundamental enviornment that we're creating...

and we're making it feel safe to explore and make mistakes becuase:
- (space) our architecture is fundamentally carefully designed. not meticulously, not precisely, but carefully. it's compact enough to hold a mental model of it (we could explain it to you here!) but complex enough that it can expand and change shape, without having to scrap the entire project. the only way we have come to this point is by carefully and patiently designing each part of the process. writing future-proof, ever-green documentation, and first-and-foremost; having the patience and courage to not abandon ourselves, despite how complex this was becoming, and health issues we were facing.
-  (space-time) we are giving this enviornment time to emerge. no rush for interface elements. no rush for anything. obsidian is our main control-panel. all of our ideas go into a continous inbox stream that flows for us programatically :) no rush. just emergence + automated programmed structures.
- (space-time snapshots) we take continous screenshots like mad lol. to document our progress --and--this is critical, to test different arrangements of UI and visual ideas, without feeling like we're stuck with one, or wasting time trying to find the perfect layout. we always come back to these screenshots, and if there's things we like, we integrate them. and the rest are garbage-collected!
- (space) we aren't polluting our website with ideas or half-written articles. we have a seaprate storage location just for that: our Mega Cloud.

all of these are like their own little worlds :) that's how you know you're the architect of your dreams: when you're 'building little cities to build bigger cities. when your tools reflect the form of their function. that's a little theory we made (tree-mirror-theory) when the roots reflect the visible crown of the tree, that's a sustainable, healthy eco-system.

...all of this was learned through PLAY and PATIENCE. none of this was philosphically or precisely imagined, so the conversation we started with is just play, not perfection!!

..in essence, is the inner-workings of a human mind that is learning to function healthily and purposefully, thorugh integration of good.

OKAY ENOUGH TYPING LOL. COFFEE TIME.