Chapter ???: "The Glory of Innocence"
This is the part of Dawn's life when he realizes his fate, that he has the responsibility to guide them, he breaks down. It feels like his trauma all over again.

Dawn Zen knew they were going to kill him. He was going to die painfully. When the Royal family discovered his Dojo, and sharing the Ancient Ancestral Dogma... they would make him suffer so much...

This is when Dawn Zen had to confront reality. He could no longer be in his Serene connection with Nature.

It was time... to bring out "The Guang" ['Guang' is Mandarin for 'Light'] essentially it is channeling the Light of the Heavens. This is Dawn Zen's most furious enlightened spirit self form. Essentially, his spirit embalms with flames like an angel, burning through his body. 

"I am no longer afraid to die... I am afraid if I didn't become all that I was designed to be. They will kill me, but the light is more terrifying than the darkness, that is what they truly fear. For the children, for the youth, I give my life. And they may take this body, but the soul, will continue."

Dawn realized, the purpose of his life... it wasn't to liberate himself from the pain of humankind... but rather to guide a small group of humans... so they were strong enough to fight against the void that wants to destroy all of existence.

"It is my duty. As a man. As a hum. As a hum-man. As a human."

With deep pain, Dawn opened his scars, for them to see.

He let go of his pride. He was once stoic, and created a world where only him and nature could speak.

He saw things that nobody would ever comprehend.

"They do not understand. They cannot understand... it is becuase I have seen things they have not. How can I explain?"

"Gods above, in the skies. Guide me."

Essentially Dawn's life was passing. He had a very important role, and nobody prepared him for it, but he knew in his troubled heart, that even with all he had seen, he needed to fulfill his fate. 

Dawn Zen breaks down and collapses to his knees, as he cries tragically: "It is written... it is decided... among the stars... we are cursed from the day we are born... and blessed beyond... blessed beyond what our senses will allow us to see..."

"But for you, I would fight for aeons."

Dawn's life is essentially a spiritual battle between him and the forces that tempt him to just give up on life. He went through so much unimaginable pain. In the end, he learned to be at peace. 

"Why is it that we have no idea... what we have... until we lose it?"
Dawn looks up to the sky, as his tears pour like rain. "Why did you design us to be this way?"