
if you removed a random part of a program, could you put it back together without looking at the original? this is essentially surgical software architecture, it's no longer just about construction 🚧 but structural integrity and fault tolerance of a system.

"we must not let ourselves become the monsters the world created in us. it is the only gola of the void mother, to swallow life from the inside. we must not let ourselves become the monsters they create... but we cannot ignore it's cry or fury. i teach a form of cyclic-energy work, that will aid you along your path of life. protect your mind and body. meditate on the teaching. someday, soon you will have to continue without me." a snippet from a story idea... perhaps Dawn Zen!

time passes very fast... what do? not a question but just a personal thought... (so far... alarms and calendars seriously help me in this area. well dedicate a portion of life-rpg solely to understanding this core issue.)

force-vs-gravity: the importance of not forcing yourself but rather, love and discipline working in harmony like powering gauges of an engine. the thing is force is neutral; it isn't positive or negative. only in relation to an origin axis does it become + or - and practically this means that sometimes forcing yourself to do something is actually a positive thing... but it depends on the axis of relation... menaing if love is the gravity... the axis origin, then force becomes discipline... instead of hateful action. also... i learned just now that forcing myself to do something that seems good, can paradoxically turn into negative; i becom very agitated and frustrated when I plan to nap or rest, but can't fall asleep. now I realize I can do everything as good as I possibly can... and if the outcome isn't the desired path, I am learning to make stoic peace with that.


🗝️ key lesson: "i can only control my actions, not the outcomes."

core essence of all of this: harmony and balance, homeostasis ⚖️ 💕

wow okay that was alot to write!!! we need a celestial library codex to store all of these writings lol. i think thats the next section for our site!!