this is like the heavenly realm of the youniverse.

the universe could be visualized as a celestial body it would be visualized as a ecosystem, and this world would sit at the sky layer of the domain.

the Roomba would be the most sacred place of the universe, because the universe itself is actually a body it's actually a human being the universe is a metaphor and also a biological reality of each human being. 

but moreover, heaven can be described as a place of Harmony where both order and chaos can coexist and harmonize. it sits right at the edge of proxima development, in terms of its biological significance. but more philosophically, it's speaks of coherence, of Harmony, a place where there is not static peace, but there isn't pure chaos either... a harmony... just like music, or a painting... it's constantly moving like a movie, even a good painting, almost feels like you could reach into the canvas and move with the frozen image captured in time. I think fundamentally this is why we human beings enjoy music so much because it is a constant push and pull between chaos and order. if you pay attention a song really never reaches a resolution, and the space between the notes is actually not just emptiness... I don't understand what Debussy meant when he said the music is the space between the notes... [annotation: end of thought]

I believe this is where we human beings feel at our most optimal when we are engaged with meaning but also, we are challenged outside the boundaries of our comfort, because for some reason the systems within us actually require some kind of push and pull mechanic in order to keep us sane and and homeostasis... and I believe fundamentally this is what keeps a human being sane and moreover when you are engaged with meaning but you are also challenged, it's almost like the biological need for constant evolution is not only satiated but justified. 

has Jordan Peterson helped me understand, the edge of proximal development is where you have one foot in chaos and one foot in order. whatever this reality is, we human beings understand it through chaos in order. those are the fundamental realities nothing... as far as what is important to us, nothing Else matters outside of these fundamental realities that means there is nothing beneath this, or at least nothing that I believe is worth exploring with our short human existence.