here I share what my life has been like as a polymath you know mothers share their experience as being a mother and that's incredibly useful for other mothers because experience is transpiled wisdom... and so essentially that just means you don't feel completely overloaded by overwhelming negativity or chaos because someone else has already mapped out the dungeon for you and you can learn from them to navigate your own unique dungeon. 

one of the most important things I've learned as a polymath is energy preservation. most of us, I'd say all of us polymaths are neurodivergent to some degree and so that means that our bodies function more sensitive than most people will meet in our lives so the first idea that helped me is to understand that it's okay that people do not understand how insane I feel sometimes living in my own body, and that brings me to the first thread which is push and pull, and this relates to energy preservation because the more you resist and the more you push as a polymath, the more you fight with yourself and your already limited resources and energy 

the crazy thing about a polymath is that we can see connections and relations in fields and places... remind me of Leonardo da Vinci he used his skills from anatomy, to create statues and to also illustrate, and he also learned how architecture works and he created early schematics for helicopters and airplanes and he was honestly like a bard meets autism 😂 

speaking of which, I've learned this recently but there are memory leaks everywhere when you navigate Life as a polymath and you have to understand that our energy is very limited however a polymath can learn to make the most of constraints and in fact thrive in constraints and limitations and this is the concept of antifragility in nature but for a polymath it has more to do with your attitude.. and your choice and your perspective these are the things that actually drive us more than even our own biology. 

however I'm learning I can't ignore my biology, sometimes my body just does not want to get up out of bed sometimes I literally don't feel anything inside no motivation no happiness no dreams and so in those incredibly fragile moments, where I have to make a decision if I'll wake up early or I'll go back to bed, I realize I Am My own Boss and my own mother I am my own therapist my own coach, and that's no longer a burden it's actually a privilege that I'm grateful for. 

I've learned today, that there's almost like a formula or an equation that you can use to figure out if something is worth your time. of course this is not perfect and sometimes you'll find yourself spending thousands of hours into something you might even just delete in the end or something you'll never remember or use and that's the memory leak I'm speaking about the fact that we are aware that someday will die and that we aren't making the most of every second that we're alive, that adds to the internal stress and it's already challenging enough to feel like you're doing everything on your own, and this leads me to the most important topic that I've ever discovered in my life which is what's the reason to do anything? 


and for me I discovered its love. love justifies suffering not because it allows evil or pain, but rather it gives you a reason to go through the messy chaotic cycles of life, and if you don't feel love for anything or anyone right now, you can at least dream of it right? you can dream that someday you'll love someone or be loved or love something so deeply that you give every second of your life to it and I've found that kind of meaning and it's the most therapeutic beautiful mode of being. I haven't had access it therapist or a doctor during this time and I've come dangerously close to ending my own life, walking on the edge of life not because I'm a mad scientist philosopher, but because I'm willing to go to the depths of the human soul to understand what we are and more importantly what we're supposed to do, in such a short life and what matters most? 

# formula(x, y), output(e)

inputs two variables x and y. and we get the result, E which is short for energy. how do I know something is worth spending my limited time on it? is it possible for me to avoid hyper fixating or spending my limited energy on things that I'll regret? 

let me be honest this is one of the hardest areas that I'm studying every day and I'm living an experiencing and finding a balance in all of his madness but like I said love makes everything worth it and when a polymath discovers their optimal environment, I'd like to say that you're unstoppabl!

speaking of which the environment influences how you will focus and what you will focus on. sometimes it's literally not even your fault in fact it's never your fault but I like to say this even if it's not my fault it's my responsibility if it affects me. and so it's my responsibility to understand and also share this with whoever's reading right now hopefully it helps you because it's helping me to just take a look at all this madness and look at it through the lens of love and meaning not just cold hard biology ❤️ 

the formula or equation that I discovered looks like this: you discover if something is worth your time if you examine how much of your energy will go into it and do you actually use it? 

so for example if you are painting a single illustration of a book, and for some reason your mind keeps hyper fixating on it, the worst thing you can do is force yourself to stop. because you're already in this Flow State that I spoke of earlier and the body feels most integrated and safe when it's in flow

-----

if a system or idea doesn't have a source of gravity it will stray into chaos.

this practically means if something you're working on doesn't have a clear problem to solve or clear idea to guide us, then we are open to trying as much possibilities as we can... and this manifests as hyperfixation perfectionism hyperfocus... which itself is not bad... but when you are focusing on things that you didn't plan for, and you should be doing something more important... it feels awful to watch the hours tick by...

so how do you answer this? what answer did i find? environment.