Engineering compresses reality.
Art expands reality.

You can’t live in either extreme.

This concept is essentially the delicate balance between; knowledge and experience.

When does it become impractical to consume knowledge? -> When you don't use it. Anything you don't maintain or use, dies eventually.

When does playing become purposeful? -> When the enviornment is tuned to the human being, so it feels safe enough to wander into the ether of the unknown and discover things you could not have methodically arrived.





Here's a radical idea: The duality of the engineer/artist mind.

- the human engineer mind belongs in an enviornment where they constantly NEED to UNDERSTAND details. how things work, why things work, what things are, where they are, etc. all time-space oriented. who, what, where, why, when, how. absolute order, very to little no room for chaos or play. everything needs to be understood, controlled, and exact. otherwise, the structural integrity is risked, and that's the only real problem an engineer faces, it's not problems themselves, it's actually the mind behind the problem-solving: why are we solving problems in the first place? why does it matter?
- that brings us to the complete opposite, the artist. the human artist mind belongs in an enviornment where they NEED to EXPRESS something intangible. it could be a sound they hear in IMAGINATION or

now, without getting too lost in detail, or too lossy... lol... isn't that what this is all about? details = engineering, interpretation = artist.

and today we're realizing, you actually need both... or atleast, we do. 

we cannot approach life as if it's an engineering project becuase life doesn't run in a vscode enviornment lmao. it's messy, unpredictable, beautiful, chaotic, mesmerizing, mysterious, sometimes probabilistic, sometimes not, sometimes harmony, sometimes disarray, sometimes love, sometimes hate, sometimes things work for you, and other times it feels like everythings working against you.... that's just life. and we finally are at a psychological... or spiritual point where we accept this :)

now... how is this practical?

essentially, I realize now that my mind has a natural insatiable hunger to understand things, and that's why we spend most of our daily waking time solving computational, architectural, software problems and designs and thinking in really high levels of abstraction and trying to essentially understand what's in front of us. But then, paradoxically, there's the artistic part of us that is basically like splashing paint over a canvas with no care for rules or order, and somehow these two opposite forces are perfect together...

i think it's becuase our description of life itself... is a mirror world...

- positive/negative
- black/white
- sun/moon
- night/day

not everything has dualistic properties or opposites... and that itself is my brain trying to undersatnd things too deeply lol.

One of the craziest things that Jordan Peterson ever said is, you walk, but you don't really understand how you walk, you just do it. And honestly, that just imploded so much problems that we were facing and we still face every day, which is essentially, how does a human being navigate a world that they don't understand when their mind is absolutely ferociously starving to understand something? So I think that's why breaking these things down into personalities and personas and practical applied areas in life is so important. I'm pretty sure this is what a psychologist or therapist would be doing at this level because we're essentially taking something invisible and making it practical in the real world..

oops, that's the engineer again lol!

TIME FOR ART!

This also helps explain today a lot of the issues that we faced and problems that keep recurring in cycles. So essentially, we realized we created a massive obsidian system, but this time it emerged almost completely on its own. We didn't really design the structure itself. We just sort of organized things logically as we needed them, and when we retrieved them, that's how we know if they were useful or not. And in the past, we used to carefully, meticulously design systems, and you have no idea how awful it feels when you put hours into something that you think you're gonna use only to find that in the end, You essentially burned papers, so to speak. But something beautiful that we realized is that in nature, nothing is lost. Even dead matter or materials are absorbed in the soil and they create new life. And in the human being, I think it must be the same way. And I think that happens when you integrate information and knowledge into wisdom. And I actually think that's how fundamentally we learn as human beings. So practically speaking, you can't approach life as solely an engineer or solely an artist, at least not for us. We need both to work in harmony :)