when you look at someone else's life... and they may seem to have something you do not. I think the fear of missing out is a symptom of the human being living in a artificial environment, and some deep ancestral, perhaps the soul, is begging for something real again. some scientific research studies show that we human beings would rather experience pain than boredom. in other words, the fear of missing out is a fragile kind of pain. it's psychological and social and it really feels like your self-esteem is being crushed. it almost feels like you're just sitting there wasting your life while others are enjoying themselves and making the most of this short life. and then the question is asked why does it matter to make the most of life? why does it matter to you? what would making the most of life look like to you? no I'm not going to do the therapist roleplay thing so instead we'll explore our thoughts together. 



one of the most tragic parts about human life, isn't just that it's so short... but that we will never truly understand the miracles in our life.

and living comfortably... seems to be of the highest pursuit for the mosern human being... but that doesn't solve the problem of eventual terminal death... 

when you look at someone else's life, you will always only ever see a fragment of their whole. i know that whenever I admire someone else, it's almost haunting to me... but it shows me that I am lacking something in my life... love? fulfillment? gratitude? patience? if I had everything i needed and I never had to suffer, then would that be the same as the comfort life? perhaps the troubles I face everyday... they aren't coincidental or causal... perhaps they are the invisible paths... so when you look at someone's visible path... when you see their best fragments of life... it leaves you feeling empty...

if i was just loved "enough" if only i was "pretty enough" if only I had been given what they had. those thoughts...

but then I've seen the absolute worst sides of human life. evil that is so black it swallows light, just like a galactic black-hole in space. but then... if shadows are faster than light... what does that mean?

if others my age seem to be having the best of their lives right now... what about  starving child who is younger than us? what do they have to say about life? they see me... and my humble beauty, my simple beautiful life, and with clear eyes they can see the miracles i cannot...

shadows are faster thn light... but shadows can never form things, they are just ghosts of life... of light.