this might sound insane... but i now realize what the yin-yang symbol truly means.

it's only in complete darkness that you can see even the tinest point of light.

the same is true for complete beauty... the tinest amount of ugliness is instantly noticeable.

but  life is only made worth living... to me... and for most human beings... when it is in light. even in complete darkness you can still find some light... somewhere... if you don't give up...

and that's the key... having a reason to not give up... i think that itself is the light... that's not something you create or invent... it's something you find... 

so nwo i understand... that even the most horrific OCD visions i've had of the worst possible human suffering this human body could experience... there is still something in me that wants to live... and to fight... and maybe that's not the beautiful light poetry... it's more of a fierce little cell that refuses to let it's light go out....

that little cell is the only thing that keeps the younvierse alive... and why? because it's enough by itself. it didn't carry the weight of the world on it's back... it simply refused to let it die... that's... that's exactly what the yin-yang symbol is... that death is truly not the end... we  have no idea what happens after death... i could have died by a tree falling on me, or by stepping into the wrong alleyway... i've seen such horrible ways that human beings have taken their last breaths... i peered into the abyss... and there i saw nothing. 

when frederich nietzc... ah his name is too hard lolol... when freddy said "gaze into the abyss long enough, and it will stare back at you." i actually don't agree at all with that. if anything, i see that in the abyss there is nothing but blackness without light. when i looked into it...i actually fell inside of it... but it's precisly because of that season in my life... that i now understand the precious fragility of life... and my life.

i have this strange sense of peace... that i'm still here... that death is not the end nor is it relief from suffering... there are cycles and seasons to everything and nothing escapes the steady rythym of time... but there are parts of me that are billions of years old... that must mean that there is something eternal in the youniverse/universe... there is something that existed far before i did and will continue to far beyond my glimpse of life here... but to me... i don't care about that... i'm at the single point of time where it is a tiny light... and that's enough for me :~)

ofcourse i can't just tell that to someone struggling with nihilism... like my teenage self becuase that's even more existentially terrifying lol... so.... let's just say all that matters is today... but also don't indulge yourself too much because you will probably live tomorrow too...

i can't give advice lol i'm not at the wise monk sage level yet... i'm still travelling the 7,000 steps of the mountain in Skyrim!!!!
