eliza beth had a doll.

there is a world... at daylight... a graveyard... where there are lifeless dolls everywhere in the graveyard and park.

this is THE MOST heartbreaking world i have ever written.

i tried to capture the lost innocence of childhood, and what happens when the most evil of human beings destroy that innocence. the result if not only eerie but heartbreaking... so sad that it makes you question... would it have been better for none of us to have existed? if there will   always be evil in this world... in human beings... then are we cursed?

why do children run to the shadows? do they not know fear before we teach them what it is? why do children cry before they can speak?

this world gives a home to all of the lost souls... all of the children that have suffered in this life... i want you to rest in peace... atleast here you have a home with your friends. those dolls? they are not lifeless... they are the energy of the children.

they are lifeless when you look at them... they don't move when they sense a human in the world... they are... freightened... but frozen... they cannot move or defend themselves... that is exactly what it must feel like to be a frieghtened child in the face of a monster dressed as a human.

"here, we have little tea parties, we dress up. we give each other stories and friendship. we tell our stories not to make each other cry, but to remember where we came from, so we never forget how important and special we each are."

there is a terror in this world... a guardian parent... a ghost parent... who guards and protects the little dolls from ever being hurt. the little child asks: "you are here now... protecting all of us... but why were you not there to protect me in life?" the ghost parent cries in anguish: "i...fate... life... it is cruel."

there is a secret path to walk to another world... the world of vengeance and justice. that world, holds the souls of the evil humans who hurt the lost children... in that world... there is torture and pain so unspeakable, that it is justice... for what was done to the children... could not be erased from memory... in this world they are forced to relive the trauma they caused. they relive it for all eternity. no child would ever want to do that to any human being... even in justice... that is why no child exists in this world... only the trauma memories, being processed and integrated and swallowed into the void, so it can become something beautiful in the youniverse.

there is another path to the world of youthanasia... the world of eternal memories... there is a way to erase your memories... and keep your soul...