i enjoyed reading your refletion gpt :)
and *ha. ha. ha....* "social quest." i don't want to interact with any human being for quite a while.

"
those 'human beings' they really are strange creatures...
yes they are... they are more like... human doings... i only ever see them work and do things...
when is the last time you saw a two legged sapien sit in a tree like us... without looking at a... a thing... or... checking their.... that thing... that thing they always carry! 
it's called a 'smart-phone,' reginald.
'smart phone' eh? it sure is a smart phone... 
"

that's a little snippet from one of my stories "the kid and the ape." 
a world where orangutans observe human beings and they sound alot like classy royal folk lol. but they are funny apes and it's just comedic... and also deeply troubling... it's how i'm trying to face the fact that... i need to be protected from most people i meet... i am very sensitive... and that's not a bad thing... but most people in my life... they... okay everyone... they don't understand what it's like.
whereas for the longest time, as a teenager i was very resentful and angry... i started to break open and i realized i just really felt so alone... not becuase for the first time in my life i was isolated... i had those times in school too... but rather... i had realized when i was with other human beings... i never felt safe or alive.

so this story is a way of me to interpret and process those emotions and confusing parts of being "one of us." in a funny playful way.

"
alfred, are you sure the homosapiens are those two-legged... things? they don't seem very clever to me...
don't underestimate them reginald... they've knocked down most of our homelands. we're forced to live here with them now.

you're right alfred... the homosapiens aren't just smart...
they are really really dumb.

don't pity them reginald. they have chosen their own fate. we simply laugh our way to the bank.

bank? alfred what bank are you talking about?

*alfred points to a grocery store, filled with ripe bannanas'*

reginald's eyes grow wide open, monkey sounds uncontrollably burst from his mischevious lips

behave yourself reginald... or the homosapiens will put us back in that damned zoo.

OH ALFRED. NOT THE ZOO.

i'm jesting reginald... we locked up the zoo master in our cage remember?

are you sure that's not against the code of animal conduct?

alfred smiles mischeviously.
"
