

Katarina's parents were very poor they could only afford to make cabbage soup. but Katarina was determined to help her parents live in a better home. that was her life's A dream. but like every story in Lost Angelis, there is always sadness. one got arena's parents died, she completely changed as a human being. 

they did their best to provide her with a safe home, and as a child, Katarina felt loved by her parents. she felt she could do anything because they believed in her.

before her parents died, they lived a simple humble life but they were part of a strong community. yes they're house was falling apart, but their home was strong. Katarina would go to church with her mother and pray to God. 

when Katarina told her parents that she was willing to do anything to help them out of poverty, even become a prostitute in the city, her parents got furious with her. and that's when Katarina thought about running away or escaping somewhere because she loved her parents so much but they didn't understand how deep her love was for them. this is where Katarina's dissociation began, where she started splitting off into the abyss, that's when her eyes got darker, and she started feeling more hopeless about life for the first time... 

going to church with something that Katarina continued for the rest of her life. it was a way of remembering and honoring her mother. who gave her life so she could live. Joey Doom lived with Katarina's parents after he escaped. the city could no longer track him as he was in rebellion territory. it was the only place that accepted someone like him, he seemed to fit right into their family. Katarina loved him, and for some reason Joey Doom felt it was his mission to protect her. 

eventually, all that Katarina had left of her parents was her mother's choker, and Joey doom. it hurts her heart so much that he wanted to kill himself and he kept trying over and over again. eventually Katarina and yummy made him realize that the mission wasn't to die, but rather to endure the suffering. 

because Joey Doom could not understand any emotion but pain, they learned to speak with him in his native language. 

