we were thinking about how Skyrim is only playable because of its somatic-intuitive approach to storytelling, mechanics and world-building.

an example is this: whereas most video games would push an "enchantment" section, somewhwre seep inside a lost of menus, Skyrim gives you, an actual physical enchantment table. so even if you don't know what it does or how to enchant your gear, the game explains to you, through the story, that this is an element in the world, just as much as a tree or a mountain.

that's a beautiful concept... because we're taking a fantasy element -> enchantment -> and translating the mechanic into a real-world tangible object... and that's how we memorize locations... we don't memorize menu option hierarchies... we memorize purpose in time and space... 🤔 ...i think... 🥱

this is something we applied in our obsidian life operating system vault! the concept of "headspaces" as real environments. work is no longer scattered across folders. it exists inside a single place: "office." and entertainment isn't a reward: it's our source of life..."arcadium."

we also give those places, objects or ideas that match the real-world mechanics of the page. or example, our main daily tool is "office > inbox" which programmaically filters a continuous stream of planned tasks so we can always stay focused on what we planned, without forcing productivity and encouraging play... just like a real rpg quest log!

we'll probably... 🥱 create a new RPG-themed OS vault for the bew year... but for now... this... 🥱... is portable enough to carry as a mental model... and expandable as much as the details require!

🥱 still tired... but nerdy things wake me up more than anything lol!

we also had dreams of highschool... but i really don't want to look at them now... ugh... can't even 💅

this concept would greatly help neurodivergent people like us because one of the biggest struggles we'll have in our lives is translation & harmony: between the inner world, and the outside world.

i think when we translate our inner world, in a language familar to us, we can curate and cultivate harmony..  hopefully ❤️