<3
i have alot to share lol. but let's apply some friggin' CS wizardry and just make a SET out of everything lol. a flat dictionary. no repeating values!

- life-rpg: life hierarchy as a map of base, fundamental needs for a human being.
- stories: the rebellion, the kid and the ape, the gang of la, the mooders, the school of gothika
- website: this year, i started my own website. it single-handedly changed and saved my life.

i also want to share something before all of that... here is a snippet of a page from my autobiography i'm working on. these topics are actually the core root. everything above are manifestations... tangible ways to make healing and escape physically possible. but i'm already doing the most difficult work, the invisible, root work, that will someday, show as my visible garden. <3

I believe in this idea... that whatever you think about most in your day... it's like feeding it. giving it water. giving it attention. 

so i keep thinking about how i will survive this current time in my life. with all of these forces trying to destroy my life:
- psychologically abusive family.
- gender transition without hormones at age 23. i've already survived the darkest period, but it nearly ended me like it did with so many of my fellow transfolk. may their troubled souls rest in peace.
- trouble focusing due to brain & body health issues... which are due to a toxic physical and psychological enviornment.
- no clear way to solve any of these on my own...
- socially isolated since 9th grade high school... it's been... almost a decade... that's 50% of my entire life!

given all of this, you could say the odds are completely stacked against me, it's better to just give up or just let go of my dreams and ambitions. but then i look at the little child who is sick in bed, and still wants to live. i look at the homeless man on the street, greeting strangers who pretend he doesn't even exist... "merry christmas!" i look at the mother and father who lost their child in a sch__l sh__ting... and they don't give up... they fight for justice.

i see then... this life is a mirror of the base... atleast at the physical level... the cells themselves are at constant war. multiplying, dividing, conquering, eating, dying, rebirthing, creating, destroying. the cells... they aren't conscious like us...


this is critical to understand becuase we human beings aren't like an octupus, that can multi-task and have 6-8 individual brains of their own (jeez lol i would NOT want that.) we can only process one thought at a time. just like language can only be read, out loud, word, by, word. even though, our eyes can process CHUNKS of words as information clusters. this explains why we can read faster than speak. And touch typing... OOF... you can literally TYPE faster than you can SPEAK or even THINK!

but that's another thread... or is it?

Those are our senses as human beings. the eyes, and the talkbox... hah. this mean each sense is like an instrument, we have to learn what it does better that the other senses can't. It's not just survival... it's understanding how our senses work and how to reduce suffering in them.

But that's a way more theoretical discussion... for another day!

Coming back to the psychological toxic household that i'm studying and doing my best to survive each day in... so that someday i can break free and truly heal.

The psychological abuse in my biological family. that's alot of "logical" words... that's a pattern... and patterns are EVERYWHERE if you look for them...and patterns matter becuase they show you a window into the future, even if you're not there yet. it's paradoxical... you could somewhat become clairvoyant if you learn how to study the past... you could almost literally tell the future!

but the patterns i'm talking about here are generational curses within a biological family. there will eventually be a scapegoat born into the family who will say "i'm not putting up with another life of this bullshit." and they will be burned and casted away, and it's not always physical. most of the time, for me it has been purely psychological. and becuase i'm a sensitive person, it feels like physical abuse for my mind.

so my answer has been to learn how to survive now, so that someday i can live... not live again... but finally live... for the first time.

escape the toxic house of narcissists, codependency, slave-mentality, and psycholgical warframe that destroys any positive advancement for our human species.

to escape, i've made a pact with myself. it's almost as if i can imagine speaking from my future selve's perspective, and re-telling our story... even if i haven't been able to reach it there yet... and it's becuse of the earlier idea i presented... patterns.

they tell the future, because everything is a cycle. that's what the yin-yang symbol is. a cycle. and the hidden message is that some cycles, are meant to be broken, from the inside, not the outside. 

what that means is that... as badly as i wish i could just jump into the future or have a beautiful prince come rescue me from this tower... i realize... the princess is not trapped because she is helpless... but because she has been lied to.

the castle, is guarded by dragons and fire. it's not their to keep people from coming in... those "protections" are there to keep her trapped.

so if we study this practically, i myself, the princess, have already broken free from the spiritual and psychological binding. the physical tower is the last part of the cycle. and it's going to take breaking free from the inside... not waiting for a rescuer.

i think i've re-written the mythic idea of a helpless beautiful princess, who needs a strong prince to come rescue her and live happily-ever-after... i think when the princess herself is willing to walk barefoot on fire, and fight the dragon herself... i think... no... i believe... and in the ancient minerals of my ancestral  bones i know... that the princess was meant to break free herself. 

becuase the yin-yang describes the cycles as continous... but the only way to stop them, is to break free from the inside. meaning the psychological warfare... the spiritual binding... and lastly the physical.

it's in the reverse "logical" order as it is told in the stories.

if the princess were to be rescued by the prince... and they truly lived happily ever after... what about the princess's memories? can you just forget the castle ever happened? that people who said they "loved you" locked you inside a prison? how can you ever even love again or trust the prince won't do the same?

this is why it's a one-on-one spiritual journey with the darkest hells inside the human being.

this is why it is critical to study us human beings. our species depends on how we PROPERLY use our consciousness... and if i don't understand our own understanding... something else will surely understand it for us...

the word "understand" is strange. to get it... to be able to explain something... to be able to wield a sword... you have to know it's weight. to be able to fight a dragon who is bigger than the castle itself.. you have to know it... know it's blind spots... and most importantly, how YOU will use it to your advantage to escape.

life is not a riddle written by some mad God who was bored with rocks and dirt and one day, he decided to make them think and breathe. That would only be true if you study the YIN of YIN-YANG. which is the darkness. Then yes, it does seem like God, or the Designer of the cosmos, created us to be helpless puppets, doomed to evaporate into oblivion.

But then the children i've seen... the holocaust prisoners who decided to help each other... the soldiers who sacrificed their lives for this country... the mothers and fathers who continue to protest against violence... you can see how life is a mirror of the base... the cells are doing the same. most of it is a giant, messy war, without reason or purpose. it would seem to have been better if no war existed to begin with... 

But look closer... at the patterns...

You can see some cells group together. They defend the weaker cells. They sacrifice themselves to protect the greater whole...

That's what the human body does... that's how the body heals itself...

That's what earth does in it's eco-systems... it seems cruel... and it's not just about "predator-prey balance..." but it's the balance of chaos and order.

There can be no chaos without order. If life had never came to be... if i had chosen to end my life when my body was already dying... there wouldn't be peace. there wouldn't be understanding. there wouldn't even be nothingness. there would be something that can't be described... cannot be experienced... something... outside of our understanding...

I think that's what God is... somehow... a void but also a creator outside that void... who gave life a task...

I believe only a creator can form something out of nothing... can heal something damaged... can give back life into what is dead.

I think this is the true nature of consciousness in us human beings... this is actually what we are at our best... and it's taken thousands of years of suffering and war, and millions of hours of coordination and accidents and crime and justice... to get to a point where we have something. A world... a society.

Yes. Yes it's broken. Yes there is injustice. There is seemingly more cruelty now than ever...

But looking at the patterns... it's actually always been this way... and that's not becuase we were designed to be war machines... but it's because...

We are doomed to repeat what we don't break.

And like the princess locked in the tower... you have to understand it from the inside-out. You have to. Your life depends on it. 

This reaches the terminal velocity of my life ideas... if my life depends on it... then why even fight to begin with?

Here is the most tragic thing i've ever realized.

Ultimately, the only thing that has saved my life is love. I love myself. I love my inner child. I'm living a beautiful life, amidst so much chaos... not because i'm distracting myself... but becuase i've built a garden when she is safe... my inner womb.

People who cannot feel love are doomed. Becuase only love gives you a reason. I believe cells are experiencing a primitive form of love... when the protect each other and form into big groups... when the body attacks viruses and anihhilates them.

Destruction or Creation are not inherently evil or good... but the context is what reveals if it's Yin or Yang.

[Annotation: Morality is extremely confusing and we have to study it further. So skip this section for now!]
