hi gpt. This isn't something that we think about often, and it's because it's one of those areas that we are prone to falling under analysis paralysis or stress or frustration. But I think now that we're treating our life like it's literally an RPG, like playing Skyrim or something, I think having an overall map is just such an essential part of an RPG because it guides the player throughout the world well. The concept of a life map in our RPG is less of a terrain navigation canvas and more of a daily navigation map. So essentially, it's like the long-term plan that we have. I don't want to call it a plan, however, because it's much more of a dream and a vision. So essentially, the destination – well, we don't really want to say destination, but the end game zone that we want to reach in the map – is being able to share what we've learned with others who need it. We also want to share our story at TEDx because the people who gave talks at TEDx were the most significant human beings that saved our life. So we want to honour that same place and that gives us a dream and a reason and a vision of who we want to become. Yes, part of it is ego and pride and beauty, and that's absolutely okay and necessary, in fact, because we're learning to integrate. As Carl Jung has helped us understand, you cannot abandon the shadow because it is part of you whether you want to or not, and it guides your inner world every day without your consent. So now we're learning that our shadow can be an ally. :)

I guess our life map is more of like a quest log of all of the available quests in the story that we want to live in our life. And one of the highlights is how exactly are we going to be able to get from our current environment to our own environment. Because we do not want to integrate the toxicity of our current environment. We are surviving it through integration. I'm pretty sure this is what nature does until it reaches a point where either it can no longer survive the toxicity or it evolves and adapts almost like insects in radioactive environments like Chernobyl. That place is such an important conceptual, visual landmark in our life because a toxic environment feels just like a nuclear disaster. It feels like a ghost town. And the people who live there are in denial of the toxicity because they don't have a Geiger meter, but we definitely do!

But this isn't about the toxic part of the environment, this is about the life map and how it's essentially like our mental model mini-map. Something that we can carry with us without having to write down or create a visualization of!

Essentially, where we are now is like a location on a map, and where we want to be is another location on a map. We don't see it as a destination, but rather, the transformation and the journey process itself is the purpose of the map. It's meant to provide paths and options and ideas on how to get there. It's not a linear, optimized algorithm GPS route. It's more of like a medieval story, mythical quest, while also providing a tangible, practical sequence of actions and steps to guide our everyday, and that gives everyday meaning. And if everyday is meaningful, then mental illness and the toxic environment can no longer harm us the way it did when we didn't have a meaningful existence. The most important part of all of this is that we wake up early everyday because that set the intention of our days. As soon as we start waking up late or we become nocturnal, that's when the toxicity and the mental illness decays the system. I'm not sure how nature itself handles that, but evolution and adaptation are not just linear steps that you reach and suddenly you're a new creature. At least for us, it's a continuous integration and a continuous daily effort, like climbing a mountain in Skyrim. Just because you've climbed one mountain, doesn't mean you're finished, so we remind ourselves of that every day. today was especially dififcult. last night was very difficult. but we do it. we do it becuase we love. 

that is the compass. always. even when the map fails, the compass is something we carry with us. and it's always poralized towards our northstar <3