I hear a lot of stories of people who ended up tragically or suffered with mental illness later on in their life and a common theme is that they were unaccepted but they weren't okay with being alone. I think that's a huge problem we face as human beings we are inherently social but we are also more adaptive than anything so we can be alone for long periods of time and we can recover from any social stunting that may have caused because we are adaptive beyond anything. but that's the thing we were never taught that it's okay to be alone and for some of us it's better to be alone we Don't belong playing small just to belong in a group just to be accepted. not everyone is unique not everyone is special and we aren't all equal and that's one of the toughest things I've ever discovered about human nature. we are all as human beings... we have a birthright to dignity... but not all of us deserve to be treated that way. 

life is complicated life is messy if there's anything I've learned about life it's that. 

in my stories I tried to show both sides, people who don't care about what others think and they love being alone, and also the other side the person who just wants to be loved and accepted but nobody sees them and how hard they're trying to just be normal. 

we could avoid so much pain if we just shared this. and I'm not going to wait for anyone to make a change like MJ said go ahead and make that change. so here are embedded in my stories signs of Life maybe you are alone maybe people tell you "you are not alone" but you know that's not true...you are alone... and for some of us that's how we turn into the best versions of ourselves. not pretending that we're like anyone else but realizing that we're here for a different reason and sometimes it sucks to believe that because some part of you just wants to be normal and accepted like the rest. but I believe that's because you haven't seen how great your purpose is. you have to believe before you see it. I know you can see the groups and the friends and you don't want to be alone but you have to believe that what you can't see...(edit)