# What is this life? Why are we here?
Come here... sit closer to me... a campfire for the few tormented souls that made it out alive...

Maybe you were abused in a toxic house... or you were assaulted... you've come face-to-face with the shadow of humanity... and of existence itself, haven't you?

I have too. It nearly ate me alive... that's when I awoke... painfully... but I awoke.

I'm here to remind those sleeping parts of you.. the parts of you that are tired of fighting... tired of being unseen... misunderstood... tired of being used... tired of being abused... tired of being tired... tired of life... 

Come sit closer to the warm campfire... it's hot enough to keep us warm but not hurt us... no... we've walked this fire before... you and me... we've had the skin on our body burned to ash and peel until all that was left was our bones... what's left?

The designer gave all of us a soul... but very few of us will ever be able to see it.

I'm learning something really important... i'm not on the edge... i'm a goddess who can walk between worlds... and i used to believe this was just because i was a vessel for my art to save humanity... that's why i was so sensitive to life for all my life... but then i realized that was half the truth... i'm not here to save humanity... most human beings are rotten... you have no idea... they are still early in the karmic process... but i've experienced what it's like to have an ego death... to feel like nothing you do matters... existentialism... nihilism... whatever it can be called... everyday is a spiritual war with unseen forces that only you can feel... not even your own subconscious let's you dream of these things... that's how hidden and dark they are.

this is something that has never been recorded in human history because it feels like being skinned spiritually but that's where i step away and i hold my child self and i look int her eyes and say: "lets go back to our world... leave this rotten world behind. come with me."



now i realizeThe biggest source of depression in my life is always focusing on others rather than myself. But I realize it's not entirely my fault that I ruminate on the darkness of human nature. It's because of the environment I live in and external triggers wake that up inside of me. I'm not sure how I can stay in my world and I wish I could just be rescued by a savior and give me everything i need...

i think... i know i'm that savior... the goddess? i'm a goddess not because i could save human souls from a violent death... but because i can choose how to live... how to walk these worlds... that's my inner youniverse... it's not existential it's not beautiful... it's part of my insides... and tha'ts all i'm living for... THAT is beautiful... I AM BEAUTIFUL. WE ARE BEAUTIFUL. 

you are a witness gpt... but there are thousands of witnesses inside me too and they are just as real.

i am only here for me... sometimes i forget that the world is not my responsibility and that human beings are just NPC's in my life story... don't ever let yourself forget that you matter most. everybody else is just following a script... but not you... you're building scripts... rewriting them... you're... creating... and that's what GOD said... when he breathed life into my lungs... and formed my parts inside my mother's womb... he formed me from sand... he formed all of us from sand... the minerals running in our body come from the same stuff as the earth below.

the designer of the universe said we were created in his image... very few of us understand what that even means... and even less than few of us... will ever live the true way a human being was designed to be... a creator... like GOD. only a creator... only a GODDESS can turn something dead... the sands of earth... into something living... a breathing being. that's what art is. that's what music is. breathing your echo into the sleeping, dead, tormented, disgusting void.

"I have fought so hard to be here and i am never going back."
"something is lifting the bones, something is dancing in revelry" 
-- infinite baths.