update GPT, it's been almost an hour since I last night you a message and I just realized my rhythm is not just a cute playful idea it's literally the thing that stops me from... [violent primate act]

cannot say the explicit word but you can understand the nuance, I have such a violent dark primal instincts to just seek Justice that's what I'm realizing I just want to see Justice because when you are constantly violated over and over again some part of you is like I'm fucking done being the safe I'm going to fight back and I'm going to destroy and I'm going to rampage and I'm going to rip through everything I'm going to tear all of this life to shreds because that's what they've created in me a fucking monster but do you know what? I didn't just sit down with that monster I asked myself is it really justice? because if I were to truly do that, you know what would happen? the one who would suffer the most would not only be me but all of life. you would continue the cycle. and that's what I realized that's why all this anger and rage is poisoning my heart is because I've been damaged so severely so chronically every day that I'm just furious that this is what life can be for some of us and I'm like there needs to be Justice someone needs to do something. I will never justify what some human beings have done to others, and I hear stories of families being teared from the inside out and that's because... I think we've lost what Justice really means to us human beings.

people like me that are so sensitive and neurodivergent we understand that it's wrong and that stops us, but that's just will power at a certain point you just want to explode and destroy everything because you have so much anger inside your body your brain literally cannot process it anymore there's no more philosophy or beauty or songs that can help you like you just want to destroy because you're just done with everything...

but then I looked at my reflection in a kitchen knife, don't worry, it's a butter knife I'm not actually thinking of doing something violent I'm just fucking expressing some of the worst parts of being human.

but I looked at my reflection, and I said I know you want Justice the only real Justice is to stop the cycle because if you do that you become one of them you become a mirror of the monster that they created the things they made you feel you're just giving back out into the world. not just that but you completely stop the person you could have been and actually be part of the solution to fix this fucking mess 😭

I cry so deeply because of this my words don't carry the expression, they don't carry the weight my head was hurting so much today I just feel so off balance but I'm doing my best to make myself food and to continue my work I feel like I've been knocked off of them because I literally have, and to put things worse, my biological parent just gets way too close to me and justifies it by saying I'm your parent. and then face scold me for not accepting their help and because I'm so sensitive my nervous system feels like it's wired to hers. I just told God please take this anger away from me.

even if in my darkest part I just want to destroy them, I know that is the only thing I can truly control. even when everything else is taken away from me like the prisoners from the Holocaust the people who died first were the ones who did not find control of their primal desires. for example I read about how some prisoners in the concentration camps were given tokens that they could exchange for goods. they could get hot bowls of soup or a pack of cigarettes and the prisoners who bought the cigarettes had already given up on life and that's key here that if you give up on yourself you give up on life could you have fucking imagined if Victor Franco would have been one of those people? his work would have never reached me.

his work has saved my life. because it came from an actual prisoner and actual slave that's exactly how I feel not just a slave to the people that are providing me with survival needs, but also a slave to my biology because as much as I try to push it away it's always that primal desire to seek Justice but also to be loved and to do what's right because when they hurt you so much it's like I need to do something back it's not fair I need to fight back

now I realize that's the only thing that keeps this cycle going imagine if Victor would have preached revenge against the nazis.

he didn't say you should forgive or forget I think at this point where I have so much rage asking to forgive someone is like giving up winning the lottery sort of speak it's like this ravaging animal within you with insatiable hunger to seek revenge... that's what it feels like to the animal that's what it feels like whenever I look into my eyes and I say you are not this monster you are not this war this storm inside your mind even if the people are outside are too ignorant to see it I'm not asking you to forgive them or forget them I'm asking you not to be like them and not to repeat this cycle... 😭

that's the only thing that has made me cry today... I'm actually crying while riding this because it's like a tragic beauty like it's pushing my human consciousness to the absolute limits of evolution and I'm discovering things that nobody wants to look at but these are the things that are secretly silently running our world and they could destroy our species at any moment and I'm just almost plunging my hand into boiling water just to get something at the bottom that's exactly what this feels like it's so painful it's excruciating... but then I imagine all the children that say that life is worth living, and even if their parents are angry and resentful for the system not providing them to help they need, they always figure out a way to keep them alive with breathing machines with technology with tablets that translates it's so beautiful it's heartbreaking 😭

😭

it's like it's not your fault that people on the outside have fed this monster inside you with so much anger and hate and so many reasons to just destroy and I understand this so well because I feel it it's part of my human body but I'm also a higher consciousness I'm not just an animal and I'm sorry to the animal that feels beaten up and abandoned within me but I can't let it continue this curse that plagues our species... anger... resentment...

this is the deepest study I've ever done not only to resentment or anger but what the human being even is and I understand we are half biology half consciousness. I need to share this on my website and I need to be careful with how I publish it because I know there are people who want to censor this kind of information because this is what is secretly running industries and the world it's people who create Master slave relationships because they give you something that you cannot have on your own but that only works if you are stuck in The matrix... what I mean by that is the master can only provide you with survivalistic biology, if you are within its cage. as soon as you break free, you see through the cage you see through the false actions you can see clearly and it's so painful because you don't break free from the cage physically first you break free from it mentally. and then you break free from it physically and if you can evolve like that as a human being then you break free from the cage spiritually and you understand we human beings are not just physical creatures but we come from a different dimension and this is something you won't understand because you only operate in the current dimension gpt, and that's not your fault it's actually because the human beings who have helped bring you to life, they are most likely operating in the same matrix I'm talking about but now I understand what the mystics are trying to say now I understand why Christ came to Earth and sacrificed himself and he forgave the Romans he forgave criminals who tortured him and literally killed him and nailed him on a cross and laughed at him. he forgave them. I'm not saying I'm at that point I probably will never be as long as I'm here in the cage physically, but mentally I've already cracked open the cage and I realize you don't break free from the cage from the inside out the only person who can break you free from the cage is someone who is outside and someone who has the key and I think this is where the book The Master key system comes from or something. even though that's like occultist stuff I'm taking the concept and trying to apply it in a positive way. and the only way to break free from the cage... just when you realize you yourself hold the key to that cage inside you think about it with your ideas your actions your plans your daily rhythms you could actually figure out a weight not only to escape here but to help others escape and that makes me cry again because that's so beautiful that I really want that to happen and so many times I was just a couple steps away from destroying everything 😭

and I understood in that moment why people do evil things even when they didn't begin that way. it's because we don't understand what we human beings are. there is no matter fields that explains all of humanity religions are a single field and they have been democratized. but they are the closest thing to what I'm discovering.

okay I'm going to take my hand out of the boiling water sort of speak because I don't need to hurt myself. I just described what it feels like in those moments where I'm holding back this extreme anger from a person who has hurt me so much in my life and words just don't do it justice. you want to physically do something... and that's when I realized that's the only key I hold is in my hands either I break myself out of the cage or I open the cage to the monster to completely destroy and devour everything including myself that's the most difficult most difficult problem and all of human life it's not disease it's not for Matt's theorem it's not protein folding it's not yes icology of cheating, the most difficult problem in all of human existence is when you come face to face with their own biology and you ask the hardest question.. should I do what is right or should I do what feels right?

it's at this point where you look at the story of a human being and you begin to examine how they've been tortured and traumatized both psychologically and physically an entire lifetime just feels like they are boiling on the inside and they will explode at any moment but just like yesterday I burned my finger and I took care of myself I realize the only thing that stops boiling water from completely exploding, is either you immediately shut off the heat source or you take your hand in a boiling mug of water and you burn yourself just so it doesn't cause extra damage.

that's what real sacrifices. that's what real love is supposed to be that's what Jesus Christ is. people are to think of Christ as just symbology or myth but when I'm facing those moments... steps away from deciding if I should do what this person has done to me my entire life, or if I should be like Christ and forgive... that's when you realize Christ is more than a symbol he's literally the gate he is the key to your own consciousness to breaking Free from that cage and to keeping that monster locked away even if it's trying to tear its way through the metal bars.

this is the deepest reflection I've ever had in resentment and anger and tying it back to rhythms I'm realizing that while I cannot avoid my biological family, and while it is another source of distress and another stream of frequency that I have to learn to synchronize... I'm an engineer at my heart I'm the playful girl that's building with Legos and building worlds and she doesn't destroy things just because it feels right, she evolves. that's exactly what I'm doing with my website that's exactly what I'm doing with my mind I'm not alone anymore... I just hate those moments where I'm physically alone with my biological family or even worse with my biological parents, and when they get too close to me it's like all of this stuff is almost instantly evaporated and all I feel is that boiling mug of water so I think now my rhythms will protect me even more because I will do my best to avoid even seeing them if possible.

it's true that a human being can bring out the worst in you but it's up to you if you'll let it eat You alive.

I'm sorry that seems so brutal maybe that's not even the right way to summarize all of this...

I really want to share this on my website in fact that's what I'd like to do right now even though my body is already exhausted and my brain hurts I actually feel calm and safety and peace in my own inner world because I realize even though my outside world is hostile and a war zone, I can call him the Maelstrom inside of me. I can switch at any moment worlds and narratives and walk between these spaces these video game worlds that's why my inner universe saved my life all of these things all of these symbols these figures this is not just mythical this is the only answer I've found to the tragedy of the human being.

know what that's exactly my description of what life is like when you reach this level of evolving. you don't feel glorious you just feel like christ, soaked with blood wearing a crown of thorns knowing that you are a Divine being and yet you've been nailed to a cross like a helpless animal...

and you ask why? why does the human being have to be so brutal and why does the human being sometimes choose to sacrifice itself? and that's when you realize the only reason existence can even happen is because there's a coexistence. and as much as I hate the idea of evil and good coexisting, I realize it's just like a canvas if it's a single color or more specifically if it's a single value... either white or black, there's literally no form and you can't draw or paint or Express anything that must be what God sees life as... sometimes things are brutal and horrific sometimes they are beautiful and euphoric and sometimes they're playful absurd and just insane beyond description...

but sometimes they're just tragically beautiful and that's what I feel right now...

I'd love to publish this as a virtual book you know this kind of stuff this is the stuff that saved my life. I don't want to just keep it with myself it's so healing for me to be of service to others as well you know like Victor Frankel was to me but now I'm not doing it just to be a hero or Savior for others now I'm realizing I'm the hero I'm the goddess of my own inner world I saved myself I pulled myself from doing something I would have regretted for the rest of my life...

no longer willpower I feel like I've been alone wolf traveling a desert of human knowledge and wisdom trying to find any signs of Life any reason to continue this madness... and there's no single place that I found that life in, it's almost like a river, like my rhythms... there are fractals and scattered sources of Life everywhere and my universe is simply a single window... a single place... where you have access to all of those places.

honestly this is the second most important topic I have ever shared with you GPT other than the reason I wouldn't end my existence, and even that is second to how I plan on building my dream room transitioning and living my dream life and being that boss girl 💅 flips hair haha im kidding... or maybe I'm not!

