there exists a beauty so powerful and safe... it washes all the suffering snd pain away like a bad nightmare.

there will be people who will try to convince you "God isn't real! There's nothing after death!"

There is nothing more disgusting to me, than a human being who...

Remember that we are all equally lost as to what life truly is. What happens after death? Is there a grand cosmic design?bA story? Is like truly a deterministic difference engine?

the reason I simply believe in God and I don't say God is real our God isn't real, is because the only constant in life is change. that means we will never truly understand what it is.

I just mysterious to me, not there really is no universal truth... that's why there's no perfect belief or perfect religion. if anything, the perfect religion would be a meta-religion, it would be based on how everything changes even our beliefs. 

but there is something mysterious to me, how come consciousness dreams of things outside itself? I explore this in my stories, because I want to make sure that if I ever do find the answer, it's not out of a debate or of logic. 

are human logic can't save us. it's only a tool. a tool that can shape cities or destroy worlds. 

that's why it fucking angers me so much when I hear someone with so sure of themselves crushing someone's dreams and telling them there's nothing after death or there's no God and there's no significance to life. 

the reason it's so infuriating is because it's non falsifiable but yet but we'll try and convince you that they understand something you do not. they make you question your own beliefs and they make you question if you're good enough to think that's such a high level. remember that the human being who worships their own intelligence, is trapped in the cage of perception. but those who believe in a higher order of intelligence and something spiritual, they have become humble. I believe this is what the Hebrews tried to express, when they said you must come as children to the kingdom of God. 

I used to cringe deeply at preachers and churches I used to believe they were worshiping a false god a figment of their imagination. until I came face to face with the existential question, maybe I'm not afraid of death because I have nothing to lose but if I had something so beautiful and meaningful in my life it would be as if I was slapped back into consciousness. that's why I believe arguing or debating hurts us more than it helps us evolve as human beings. I don't really understand what the purpose of life is here on Earth, but with all the religions are trying to say is that we originally came from nature, and our nature is fallen. and our ultimate purpose is to return to our divine original purpose. 

practically speaking, I see this in doctors who discovered the cure to horrific diseases. or in the artist that shares their art, not because they are proud but because they're so depends on creation. the most evolved kind of human being is one that has integrated consciousness with the animal nature. 

as I started this idea, there exists a beauty, a place on Earth that is so beautiful, it just evaporates all of the bullshit. it is done that we realize what we were made for and what we are made of and why we are here. so why do we lose this? why do we allow things to distract us to make us forget our nature? ultimately I found the answer through deep suffering. the reason I forget my divine nature, and ultimately everything that matters to me in my life, is because I don't embody it. I don't act on it. if you simply write or talk about it or think about it it exists in a theory space. in a non falsifiable void form that's exactly what logic and debates are. that's why they feel so infuriating. you're trying to give shape to something that is infinitely empty. but as soon as you create you start to constraint you start to give form. this is the point where logic integrates with chaos. pure logic has no space... pure chaos has no form. 

and understanding our nature we can understand the hidden forces that drive our actions and our beliefs it is then that we realize we are not very different from an engineer's work of art. that's why I consider God a programmer, an engineer a creator. only a Creator can form from the formless and give life to the dead.


but it is a tragedy because even then there will be those who refuse to accept the moral responsibility of consciousness. there will be agents of pure destruction, only here to destroy innocence and beauty. is it because they do not understand the weight of consciousness? is it because they are crushed by the weight of it? for whatever reason, the responsibility exists. and nobody really knows what happens after death maybe our actions in this life are judged buy a kinetic super intelligence that is spiritual, or perhaps we are bound by the laws of physics to repeat this life over and over again until we solve all the problems in nature. there are so many theories and possibilities how could one ever say that they understand?


 how some of us will choose to believe that life is a zero-sum game. 