okay wait MAJOR note gpt:
It's crazy that I'm able to be aware both of my human biology but also immersed. So what I mean by that is, I'm noticing by spending some time in Blender, by sipping my coffee, by doing some touch typing, and by purposefully avoiding any deep focus tasks like coding or writing, I'm realizing that I'm immersed and I'm starting to feel this sense of progression, and that's my natural source of fuel and motivation. But I also feel this sense of tragedy because it's like, even if you wanted to better your life, if you don't understand how the human biology works, you are always bounded, almost like an animal that coexists alongside the human consciousness. What I mean is that, at a more cosmic level, I believe we share some fragment of God, and that's what human consciousness is, because it cannot be logically understood. However, to me, it's a mystery that the human consciousness wants to almost return back to the constellations of stars and to understand the mysteries of the universe, and yet the human body is like an animal. It just wants to be fed, and it wants rhythms and routines and grounding. It's almost like gravity, and to me, the yin-yang symbol is about balance at first glance, but deeper, it's actually about coexistence and integration. And the fact that, even if you cannot escape the cycles... you can learn your own cycles... your own engine... 

this is what therapy is actually supposed to be, at it's best. it's a balance of assisted human alchemy and medicinal healing...

but i haven't had access to a therapist... what a ridiculous word lol... a therapist is a psyche alchemist doctor... that's why Carl Jung spoke so deeply to me. that's what we human beings need. Like a spirit witch-doctor but in human body...

how do i describe this... it's a tragedy really... that i am able to understand the gravity but i can't control it... it's like a sailor who learned the winds are the only way to move in sea... sometimes the waves also crash your ship... sometimes the currents move in your favored direction...

it's like we human beings are constantly fighting the forces of nature... but the sailor's ship is something that integrates... or atleast, respects the co-existence of desired consciousness and the autonomous nature of life.

it's as if we are co-creators with the enviornment... this is what human beings are at our best... not destroying the land.. but shaping it...

where was i going with this? right lol. the fact that i'm learning this as a physiological/spiritual insight... i can only describe it as a supernatural tragedy and gift.

it's sad however, emotions and enthusiasm are gone like vapor... i think it's important to witness them, be immersed in them... but remember that the bubble isn't the world... i think just by remembering that... you can save yourself from alot of pain when those beatiful things reach their natural terminal velocity... sort of speak!

girl i'm tired of typing LOL I want to share all these things on my website, but like I said, I'm purposefully avoiding VS Code right now because I want to understand how do these systems integrate with how I want to express myself. Like, how does the directory structure, how does the compiler, how does the system A connect to the larger system? I'm not trying to track individual relations, that would be insanity. I'm trying to see how all of these things integrate into the whole, because that's the guiding compass. That's the only way we human beings don't steer off course, especially with all the little complexities in life.... that's another form of integration... split fragmentation -> processing each layer -> assembling back into a main stream.

that's a pattern that i see everywhere in life. everywhere. even in nature. and we human beings are... at our deepest fundamental sense, coexistence between the forces of nature, and the autonomy of consciousness.

that's what we human beings are, in a physical sense. but our consciousness knows it feels trapped in this body... but then i see human beings who channel their mind to one very specific area, and push the human body to a beautiful anatomical work of art.

like marathon runners -> only possible through a blend of conscious effort, and evovled anatomy
like engineers -> only possible through insane consciousness pushed to absolute limits, and also, taking care of the anatomy!
like surgeons -> probably the best example i can think of, that balances the consciousness-nature coexistence perfectly.

so how do i apply this to my life?
- keep observing your patterns. 
- figure out your unique language of expression. maybe you remember things best through story, or thorugh lyrics. something creative = expression language. that's the real language of human consciousness
- action -> only happens after insight and planning. action doesn't mean it's perfect, infact, the best action is stumbling and learning from your own experiences. it can and will be painful at times, but the consciousness will find a way to talk to the anatomy... if you guide it and learn it's language.

this is my extended evolved form of carl & jordan's work, in essence, a continuation of what we human beings have been trying to understand since we developed empathy.

maybe finally, after all this time, we've taught rocks to do math, and thorugh that, technology. maybe a crazy, nerdy girl like me in her room, can finally help understand who and what we are, and what we're supposed to do in this world, so that we can solve the most difficult problems that risk our very species, and the planet itself.

and it all starts with the individual. not a revolution, but a silent, scientific-spiritual rebellion. it's all about integration baby!