
(1) what do i mean by feeling like a goddess?


So first of all, what do I mean when I say that I'm a goddess? What I mean by that is I finally understood, or at least I'm beginning to understand, and I'm integrating what feels like a lifetime of confusion and trauma and the inability to articulate something so clear within my body. Now, further along your messages, you also said that the real me is the part of me that keeps trying, the part of me that wants to code, the part of me that wants to engineer, the part of me that wants to create, the part of me that wants to make memories. That's the real me. That's the future self that's pulling me forward. Amen. I seriously believe that, and I know that because I live that every day of my life. So when I say I'm a goddess, I'm saying that I'm a creator like God because I finally have awoken to my true spiritual human nature. I'm a creator like God, and according to my beliefs, from what I understand, the only thing that makes God supernatural and more powerful than an adversary like satan or lillith... is that God is a creator. But nowhere does it say God is a destructor. That is the false god, the god with the lowercase g. In some religious mystical texts, like the Bible, that's what it says. That Satan is the god of this world, but with a lowercase g. And I've come face to face with something that feels like the adversary. It's a darkness that is so suffocating, it makes you wish you had never existed. And it feels that way because it feels like it's the opposite of God, a creator. It feels like it's a destructor, like it's here to destroy innocence or to destroy love and hope. But in reality, that is only possible if you are asleep. But when you awaken to your true nature, that you are also a creator, that you were created in the image of a creator, then you realize you can create things. You can create possibilities and opportunities and decisions and choices. You're not helpless. You're not worthless. That's what I mean by, I'm a goddess. I'm a creator just like God.