you I think you want a better life. you think you want a different life a life where you are happier a life where you have more money maybe a life where you have less problems... and yes I don't deny that some people live cruel lives while others live unfair goodness that they do not deserve. 

but I also believe that we often forgets to value what we have we always want more what makes you think that you could handle more than what you already have? 

I asked myself if I had the dream life that I envisioned... if I never had to go through years of slow change and personal growth, if I were to skip all of that like a video game money boost... money can buy a lot of things in the video game money can even save you time that's the one thing that we human beings are truly limited by... but money cannot buy you wisdom. 

and wisdom is the only thing that will save humankind. without visionaries and without wise people who have endured the worst suffering of life, without human beings who know what real empathy is, without human beings who have been tested beyond reason to the point of breaking, there is no other way to answer the most terrifying question in all of life. "when you die, what will you leave behind?"

that is the responsibility of each of us human beings. it is a moral responsibility. none of us can single-handed please save or destroy, individually we are severely limited but yet we can also give life to things far beyond ourselves that is what wisdom is it is lived experience through the lens of bettering life. 

I used to believe that when I die I will not leave anything behind or that this life never mattered to begin with but I would ask my past self how are you so sure of that? have you ever in your life once sat down and actually thought about the things you believe? maybe you are too afraid to face what is real... maybe what is true is too terrifying to accept... maybe the things we believe are often placeholder answers, ghosts that we leave behind so that we don't have to process the most tragic parts of life. 

one of the worst parts of life and of human beings is that we are all trapped in our own perception. that's where the concept of the universe was born, we all have our own inner realities... we all have our own way of looking at the outside reality... the few bridges that we can build between our inner world and the external world, are the most important forms of communication will ever happen our lives because apart from those bridges nobody will ever know when it was like to be you. maybe that's not as terrifying to someone else as it is to me, and that's exactly what I mean, we all process life differently. 

some of us are more sensitive to colors and others can't see at all. some of us are deeply empathic creatures and others will walk all over life without guilt. 

it's at this point that's I turn back to my stories and I imagine characters looking up at the sky and asking why?