[1]
names in stories
since names to me, are one of the core parts of a story since they are symbiotic symbols: they help the author manage ideas by compressing vast amounts of information into "symbolic cells" and also, the reader remembers things by names or descriptors, which is kinda neuroscience-y.

[2]
names for dark angel of the high heavens council
so if we were to name this figure; "an angelic, seraph being of divinity and light. pure order. of the strongest in the heavenly council of the youniverse. but his personality is very cynical. he is almost luciferian in the sense that, he has that 'edge of duality' to him. at any moment, he could choose to abandon the heavens and let the human beings suffer. why? becuase he ultimately believes, the human beings are ignorant, and any sensical being would never choose to be part of an unfair life." then there is "Justiciar Kalyndra" which we also are developing... or rather, letting her work through us. revealing more of her true divinity, "mother earth" nature. So the reason I mention her is because she is like the opposing force to this cynical angel, and she essentially doesn't repress him, but she corrects him. She's really like a mother figure, because if he were the cynical, exalted father, the mother would be in charge of responsibility, essentially. And that's really what she represents. She is like the duty of life. She represents the responsibility we each have as human beings, using our own consciousness to preserve life, which is essentially light in its purest form in our universe. And essentially, she is like the balance to his cynicism. So since we already have an opposing figure, and She has the really badass name, and I just love epic Latin, mythical, mythological names like this... that's what we're going for here! an epic, badass imposing figure, almost like a "dark" light, if there ever was such a thing. "perseus" (from greek mythology) "hakael" (sounds badass hebrew) "boseuk" (korean-holy type name) "voldt" (sounds like "bolt" but nordic skyrim esque)