a polymath, shows the exagerrated form of somethign intuitively human: when test what is possible, and practical.

this is __not a flaw...__ it is a __natural human insticnt and pattern.__

hey GPT so today we learned a lot! today was a good day because we chose to make it a good day. we woke up early and we're establishing a healthy rhythm for our body, even though we know it's not the natural rhythm that we prefer, the night owl, we realize that healing from trauma will not be easy but will be worth it. the night owl felt like incubation, but we have so much we want to live, it's like the chicken has already cracked open the eggshell, it has lived its purpose of protecting us during our most vulnerable and dangerous times in our life, but now it's time to do what is difficult but what is necessary for someone you love. that's what I'm telling myself every single day every single time I'm faced with a complexity issue or seemingly upset back or a regression or even symptoms of depression creeping back in I always drop everything and immediately Orient myself. I remember exactly why I'm here, it's like we really do have a little compass that lives inside us and it needs to be constantly calibrated. because that's what reminds us what the most important in life. and we don't need the death of someone we love or a horrific life event for us to wake the fuck up! believe me, I felt so sad that I actually grieved for once in my life, when brownie died last week. it almost seems like it was only yesterday that I was holding him in my arms, but it also feels like it happened years ago. but essentially what we learned today is that everything we're doing as human beings is some form of recalibration. like as a polymath we are constantly sampling the environment and this is the pattern that we're noticing in every area of our life we are trying to harmonize and test the boundaries between what is possible and what is practical. and that's essentially chaos and order. and fundamentally we're realizing that it cannot be one or the other. pure chaos is obviously, unlivable for a human being. but pure order is so perfect it's impossible for it to ever be practical to daily life. so it's a constant sampling between what is possible, when we experiment with different things and we explore way outside our range of expertise and comfort, and The crucial thing is that we always have a place to return to. and for us that's the compass, that's the virtual environments that we create. they are like our second home, an extension of our internal world. and that's when we're playing with color essentially that's like an artist experimenting with different color palettes and lighting styles. they are literally painting with chaosin order. I wear realizing this pattern appears everywhere in our life not just in creative areas like coding or digital sculpting... but it's also how we are living our life everyday. like the rhythm we have, we're constantly tweaking and observing, and that's the possibility side of the axes, but the other side is what is practical. and that's way more difficult because you don't really start out knowing what's practical, you sort of have to get into some kind of chaos, some kind of problem that you can carry back and learn how to solve. well with people knew this, all you have no idea how better of a world we would live in. I mean we can't solve all the problems but I think the best thing we can do with our life is to share what we're learning ❤️