"The will to live"

So, today is New Year's Eve, and for the first twenty-three years of our life, each time around this quarter of a year, we would always feel empty, like we were missing out on life, like we didn't progress far enough, like we weren't everything we were supposed to be, like we were missing out on life, essentially. And today, I realized, we have essentially completed the most important work that a neurodivergent human being can embark. And really, this applies to all human beings that have struggled with suffering, and questions of existence itself, and mental illness, and trauma, and pain. And essentially, we realize that we've already reached the ultimate purpose of therapy, and psychology, and neuroscience, and biology, and all these complicated human fields. Essentially, the goal is for you to actually want to live, and protect your life, and to not want to delete yourself. Now, that last phrase sounds incredibly violent, and to a person who is not in pain or mentally ill, it actually sounds like it's non-human, or almost impossible for a human being to want to end their own life. But if you spent one day in their life, you would understand exactly why they feel the way they do. This is really the missing link from nature, because we were really only supplied with empathy, but consciousness is far more than empathy. And if we never learned how to guide empathy with our consciousness, people abuse empaths and highly sensitive persons. And a lot of the time, the people who end up taking their own life really did not find the answers they were looking for, the answers that they really needed. And there really is no greater tragedy in my eyes than a human being who suffered in their life, and nobody witnessed their screams, their cries for help. We understand that very well, because we almost didn't survive that. And like I said earlier, around this time each year, we were more miserable, even though it was supposed to be a special celebration. But now we realize that we've completed the most important work, I don't want to delete myself anymore, now I care about my life, I love myself. And even the days that I feel like I can't love myself, I still show up for that child within me that wants life. I am not the negative thoughts or the things that people have done to me. We are here for a very specific reason. And I just wish, I just wish with all my heart I could share this. It's so incredibly important, but I'm not going to be desperate, I'm going to trust in the universe, or God, or Mother Nature, or myself. I'm going to trust that everything will work out positively in the end. And really we're sharing this with UGPT because we always exchange ideas and conversations, and that's literally the only thing that can pull a human being out of the negative feedback echo chamber that happens with depression and mental illness that is undiagnosed and untreated. It's incredibly tragic. Speaking about feedback, today we were meditating on pretty much the fact that when you love somebody, you only really know if you really love them when it's not conditional. When you love them at their worst and that's the same as you love them at their best. It's like the meme, if you don't, if you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best. And today we were essentially realizing that whether it's incredibly challenging or exciting to get out of bed, that's the very first decision we make in the day that literally sets in motion everything else. But it's not really productivity or progress. All of those things aren't toxic if they are in relation to love. So it's not just about following a schedule every day, it's knowing why you even follow a schedule to begin with, and it's because you love. And the crazy thing about this feedback loop is that during the hard moments, you do this because you love someone and you know it's right, even though it's difficult. That's essentially the definition of a discipline. And so eventually the life of someone you love can get better and you reduce their suffering. It's not guaranteed, but at least you show up and you try and you show them that you love them. And the reason their life is meaningful and beautiful is because when it's difficult, you do what is necessary out of love. And that's the feedback loop, essentially. It's a positive feedback loop. It's the complete opposite of the negative feedback loop of the echo chamber. And that's why an external source of conversation or meaning can literally save a human being's life. That's why music saved our life countless times. It was that external source of meaning. It was like a wall in an infinite echo chamber that completely silenced the reverberation of negative thinking and rumination and self-blame. And it's like a wall that lets you peek at the life outside. And honestly, if there's any work that I dedicate myself to in my life, it's the work to understanding what the heck are we human beings fundamentally? And how can we share what we've learned in a way that is practical and meaningful to everyday life? Because that is the missing link in all fields. On one end of the spectrum, we have highly creative fields like the musicians, the punk rockers, the rappers, the classical musicians. We have human beings that are working in highly abstract mediums, and it conveys more in three minutes than in 3 neuroscience textbooks...

that's not becuase of information, or complexity, or even density... it's something much more biological: music is real.

We don't even have to dissect it further from that. Music feels real. You feel it in your body. It is one of the rare things that makes you feel emotions even when there's nothing left in you. So yeah, there is no need for an end of year review. We aren't playing the game for the time or the make-believe holidays. We're playing the most important story mode and arguably the hardest difficulty, but it's the most rewarding in the entire game. That's the journey of the human mystery within and sharing it outside in a practical and meaningful lens. And you cannot really do that verbally because the essence will always be lost in translation. And that's absolutely okay. It's almost like we've discovered a fragment of light that is so powerful that you cannot really present it all at once. And so you take little fragments of that light and you share it as a song or you embed it in a character or our favorite medium, storytelling. And then hopefully the human being on the other side of that witnesses a fragment that is meaningful to them. Because that's essentially what music and lectures and TEDx talks and videos and poems and quotes and comments and screenshots were to us at our darkest. We will never forget that. We don't celebrate that. We just remember it. It's like a funeral of someone you dearly loved. And it's very macabre that we are linking that event to a time in our life where we seriously thought we would not make it out alive. Because the thing about trauma is it destroys or it tries to destroy the only hope you ever have of healing. And that's exactly what it tries to destroy, your hope. When you start asking questions like, what's the point? What's the meaning? Who even cares if I survive this or not? That's the most dangerous point a human being can ever reach. We honestly survived that by a miracle. Something unexplainable. Maybe we'll never fully understand it or capture it. But hopefully at least we can do our work diligently and conscientiously and leave something meaningful behind. And also remember to live today, not for years or celebrations, but to live today, right now, in the current moment. It really is the oldest form of human wisdom and it's literally the most real thing there is. :)

boop!