the history of Los Angeles is not all tragic, in fact the very beginning of the creation and construction of the city, the original founders started giving each other hope and raising each other spirits. there was another wise completely hopeless time for all of human beings, and yet a few brilliant minds were able to keep the rest from falling apart. 

"do you remember when life was like during the fallout era? the nuclear family. what a beautiful thing that was. wouldn't it be lovely now, to bring that back? and to keep it safe? could you imagine a life like that? wake up in the morning kiss your wife, smell of fresh pancakes baking downstairs, your children happy and the living room table, the sun shining just right so you can get the perfect look at your wife. could you imagine life like that? let's make it happen. come on there's no time to waste."

eventually these men worked themselves to the bones, literally. the collapsing of overworked and exhaustion. this is where the first signs of technology was introduced into Los Angeles to establish a life without pain without suffering a life where Justice isn't necessary and politics don't exist, because everything is saf and perfect.

the scientists wear punished if they wouldn't be constantly working on new solutions and inventions. despite the extremely toxic work conditions, the early scientists doctors and bards of the early Los angeles, they created some of the most incredible inventions essentially from their imagination. all of the technology from the original old Earth was completely destroyed. this is why Los Angeles had its steampunk Homebrew construction aesthetic, mixed with the happy nuclear family fallout vision of life. together they created a city so beautiful that it was terrifying. and nobody was allowed to break the rules. it was purely strict. black and white. there was no room for error. we could not afford what happened in the old earth. it will never be safe to go up there ever again. perhaps here we can create our own atlantis. 

