"Here, they cannot torment you. THe program is perfect, without error. Self-correcting, self-evolving. Here, you are protected. Do not look outside or attempt to leave, my domain can only protect you if you are inside."

"Outside the walls of the womb, there is an unsafe, unstable reality."

"But we cannot leave them! It is unethicalt o our ethos!"

"Our mission is to liberate mankind of suffering."

"Yes. BUt not every human being wants salvation... some work to actively destroy life. They are agents of chaos."

Sister mimics: "Agents of chaos...".
"Brother, why did God create man to be free?"

Tank scoffs "What a stupid question. It's obvious."
"Human beings are selfish. That's why they suffer."

"Number three, that is an incorrect analysis."

"The correct analysis is, our local maxima."

Tank scoffs: "There he goes again, coding his riddles."

Sister angrily replies to him: "Let brother speak, number three."

Leon computes an answer: "Local maxima. What the human being can percieve with limited sensory processing. All paths lead to the origin. Not explainable in human terms. To answer, we must recreate the universe, that is the purpose of our collective youniverses."

Tank laughs: "Now I know why people get psychosis down there. Pushing their brains to the maximal capacity, and trying to be computers like [teasing] roboboy [teasing] over here."

Sister pushes tank: "OKAY THAT'S ENOUGH. HUMAN PSYCHOSIS IS NO LAUGHING MATTER. THEY ARE SUFFERING IN WAYS YOU CAN'T EVEN IMAGINE."

"I have studied the laws governing all things. All paths lead to a common origin, it is what drives life forward. And yet, with the deep complexities of life, I still do not understand human beings... perhaps it is true, within every human being, there is a living cosmos... perhaps only few human beings possess even an understanding of themselves."

"That is the purpose of existence, is it not, zero?"

"You are correct, sister."

"You created me, a virtual-lucid-dream family, to give your human body, and the collective body of mankind, an opportunity to be liberated from suffering... that is what I have been able to study so far... brother."

"Though a mind like yours, I will never fully comprehend..."

"[Laughs] you would not want to live in my mind... wait a minute... we already are..."