https://chatgpt.com/share/6a1659cf-6d74-83ea-a368-ea30a7115e9a

having polymath-like qualities, not as a pretentious boasting tone, but in a genuine problematic sense...and I think I can most arbitrarily define this in engineering terms;

input rate of external stimuli, either in the natural world, as an inspiration source, or extrinsic stimuli.

internal processing of ideas, information, research, including the preceding layer, processing the external stimuli, as intrinsic internal processing. usually through human imagination

exceeding my capabilities of externalizing, even the conversion of my internal processes, as speech, which produces a drastic shift in "signal" clarity


arguably the factor of entropy here, or volatility, is the sheer mass and complexity of the inner world that the polymath is dealing with. and simply "prioritizing" work, in and of itself is just another process, which needs to be understood and processed by the polymath, usually in the form of study or systems. this is why from the external perspective, people with polymathic abilities, or neurodivergence, or general inner brilliance, tend to process the external world at a completely different strata then the neurotypical person. I went to emphasize that this is not mean we are superior in any way, we are equally human and the ultimate filter of intelligence, is ethics.

and I'm simply emphasizing that we depend on systems, because , as I can conceptualize it, it seems that the nervous system of the non-linear thinker, has a missing or lowered Gates of attention and filtering of information, as compared to the neurotypical person, which usually does not pay attention so deeply to details, patterns, and questions about life.

regardless of how complex this study of human behavior can be, what I am focused on now, is mapping operations and functions, sourcing from various fields that deal with massive complexity, and translating that to actual practical systems and changes that have actually positively influenced my local everyday experience;

> as a person with a deeply vivid inner world, but with, almost a debilitating inability to process and make sense of the vast vivid inner world.



this does not mean that we struggle to complete things, or that we struggle to start things, in fact a lot of people with neurodivergence, are diagnosed with ADHD. one of the major misunderstood elements of ADHD is the inability to focus. when in reality, ADHD is the inability to control our focus. and the phenomenon of hyper focus / hyperfixation, is almost the complete opposite of adhd; the inability to stop working. I've experienced this more times than I can remember, and to my understanding, and according to the most recent stable research in this area, we do not have control over this ability, we can only influence and craft an environment, systems, scaffolding, structural support.

I think that's how I could describe the reason why, in general, we require systems as non-linear thinkers. in fact from my own local experiments recently, I stopped using obsidian, which was essentially my Central life organizing tool. it's the place where I link all of my projects, ideas, future tasks, schedules, calendars, folders files, and essentially core parts of my digital life, integrated into one workspace. in the past, I have definitely become obsessive and hyper focused with creating the perfect system, but over time these gears stabilized into something that I call, "systems synergy." in which, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. and essentially the system starts solving problems and evolving, along with the non-linear human thinker. this was fascinating when I first discovered it, and I didn't believe it at first because a common stereotype with personal Knowledge Management systems, and note taking in general today, is that it is often seen as a waste of time, delineating or postponing action.

I wanted to see you what makes the difference between; deliberate structure, and analysis paralysis. because the distinguishing factor between these narrow slices, was astonishingly simple when I let go of obsidian for period of time during my life.

recently, I stopped using obsidian, as I was experimenting with a plethora of other technologies and systems, simply for experimental sake. whether it was neovim, git, coding my own writing app, using plane folders and files, and systems along that nature. something fascinating emerged, I realized that in all of these systems, there was a single recurrent pattern that was resonating more than the rest;

my nervous system was desperately seeking navigation and order and otherwise uninhabitable depths of complexity and overwhelmed from both the external world, and the internal world.

I called this discovery "hemispheres theory" because I realized, not only are Systems essential for navigation and order for the polymath, but they are essential for all forms of life. even including strict automata, logical systems eventually become unoperable, when complexity exceeds the ability for a system to replenish resources. and that's somewhat inspired by cybernetics, ecology and physics. it's fascinating stuff.

but the key idea here is that regardless of technology, obsidian is my personal preference, because it does something that the other technologies did not;

I developed years of experience with the software. and so over time, systems I built, collapsed like architectural scaffolding. with each archive, the next system built upon the last, and more importantly, systems became more integrated into my actual life, and they helped me to solve real problems. and that's when systems stopped becoming architecture, and they become symbiotic craft, and that's when systems synergy emerges. it's fascinating and one of the most important discoveries I've  experienced as a polymath: it's even more deeply significant considering how these discoveries are generalizable to the person who is struggling to focus today. because we do not realize it, but the fundamental model which single-handedly influences the trajectory of human life, is terrifyingly simple;


and I'm not going to propose an overgeneralized model, rather, building from the previous points in this conversation, essentially we as human beings are processing information from the external world, internally, which itself creates a feedback system;

stage A: external stimuli

stage B1: macro internal processes: big-picture executive functioning, reflection, etc.

stage B2: micro internal processes: memory sequencing, information resonance (neural network relevancy), general feedback

stage B3: eventual action, decision, autonomy

stage A (action becomes externalized)

feedback cycle...


some individuals like myself, do not have strict limits on filtering, and we process more. this explains why we often struggle to prioritize; we don't experience life like a sequence or hierarchy, we experience it as webs interconnected with webs. in the system like that, priority is no longer linear, it is based on "systems relevance". much more to native neural human resolution, than to productivity.

. . .
I mentioned a main point of this conversation as being... researching operations and techniques in subjects and fields, that deal with massive complexity, wether information-based or otherwise.

here are key ideas that I have found genuinely change my ability to work and be a functioning human being. The purpose of this discussion is central to these operation, to research.

Insert epic science title:
"(Proposed models of) Anthropological Classical Operations of Information Management."

Compression

Synergy

Integration

Grouping, Abstraction.

Linking


these resemble operations, functions, mechanics and properties of

Physics

Classical Mechanics

Cybernetics

Information Theory

Ecology

Biology

Neuroscience

Anthropology

Statistics and Analysis

etc.