"the darkest zone of the abyss is a place where no light can reach. there is no hope no meaning no direction. how do you survive it? the real question is why should I survive?. the question why is the same as the letter Y, that is the first letter of the youniverse. not a question gives birth to a universe inside of you."

"peace within skies above."

two radical ideas GPT: the abyss, and language.

okay so let's start with the abyss. the darkest part of your best, is part of our stories in our youniverse, and so essentially it's like the common philosophical term for the darkest parts of life. I can only say from what we've observed and survived ourselves, there is a certain level of darkness in the abyss were light can no longer reach.

you could think of this as like the Twilight zone of the physical equivalent in earth. it's like a place that is so dark, that creatures either learn to survive by creating their own light, or they just literally die. there is so much dead in matter in that area of the ocean and it's terrifying how eagerly similar that is to the internal ecosystem of the human being. and practically speaking there's a point in life where things are so difficult and so painful and so unclear that it's almost like you're surrounded by complete darkness and you no longer have a compass or sense of direction and there's nothing worse for the human system than that. it's like being trapped in your own mind in your own problems, it's an infinite echo chamber where things get darker and darker like an infinite Shepherd tone almost. the craziest thing is that if you tell someone there is hope, physically they can literally not even hear you they can't even process that there was once light. because this part of the ocean is so dark it warps everything it's almost like a freaking black hole.

it works time and space and it's crazy how that's exactly what it feels like when you're traumatized or you're facing overwhelming problems in your life and it seems like things just get worse and worse and it's like what do you do in that situation? I've learned that I still pray to god, but I never expect a miracle exactly when I ask for it. without getting into my own personal spiritual beliefs, what I'm saying is that the most important part of this entire conversation is that at the darkest zone of the abyss, the only way to survive it is by literally surviving it. there is no light from the outside world. there are no memories there are no quotes there are no stories there is no music there are no emotions and no endorphins I'm telling you there's nothing but darkness.

it's the hardest thing in the world to continue moving when you don't even know if you're moving. it's like closing your eyes, and for us human beings, you lose your sense of direction when you close your eyes. but now imagine having no sound, or touch or feel, all of your senses are blocked by this darkness that seems to surround you and it's like it's siphon's energy from you, and physically it just makes you want to give up because life has gotten so difficult that you feel like you've lost everything.

this is the craziest paradox however it's the only place in the entire world where even the tiniest form of light is visible. I'm not glorifying this at all, I'm saying that it's partly what saved my life and that's really my biggest life Quest is somehow articulating and sharing this like I'm a lantern in the fog surrounding the abyss almost, or maybe I'm not the lantern maybe it's the work we develop and share. I'm definitely no Savior and I need a savior every single day of my life because it never gets easy. you never just walk away from the abyss like it never happened, it's haunting, it's like a shadow that will always follow you because you cast light... and I think that's really the only metaphor that works here. the fact that you cast light that you're a beacon of Hope that you make your own life worth living, that means a shadow will always follow you as a side effect, maybe this keeps me humble? I don't know. I really don't know what the grand scheme is and I've learned the hard way not to peer too deeply within the complex systems of life. I'm humble now or at least I'm learning to be. I think that's our second point as well, language. everything is a language I think, isn't it? it's the one thing that soothes me when I'm in crisis. it's like words are anchors to life because they each hold meaning. and without getting deep into the etymology of things, language is not just spoken like music is language studying is language anything that transforms or translates one state of matter into another, I think that's what classifies as a language. although I think we're getting too deep in the wizard magician zone here LOL

