another idea gpt!!!

"stagnation theory"

So, imagine this scenario that I've experienced time and time again in my life. I learn the basics of a new ability. It could be touch typing, or athletics, or singing, or whatever, and I develop the basic muscle memory and motor skills required to not stumble. But then, over time, it's like, because you don't have a guide and you're self-taught, you're not only practicing the ability, but you're also reviewing and being aware of your own habits and patterns, because that's what a guide does. And for someone who's self-taught and a polymath, that just comes with the nature. Luckily, us polymaths are naturally observant creatures, lol, and so it just takes patience and understanding yourself, and I really believe you can learn anything on your own. And here's the thing that I'm thinking about. So, I'm realizing that over time, you actually become comfortable with the basic fundamentals, even if they weren't the optimal way to do something. And it's actually really hard to break free from that, because it's the only way that you can express yourself or perform the ability. So, for example, touch typing, I've recently been painfully, slowly, patiently rebuilding the fundamentals, because I realized, even though I had completed many courses before, I actually built incomplete fundamentals, and that was actually frustrating me far more than practicing way slower. So, amidst the chaotic ideas that I laid here, I think we can definitely call this stagnation theory or something like that. And the way to break free from it is through awareness :)

and guess what? this actually works!

i'm learning to type faster again, but with the integrated accuracy i'm gaining from very slow, almost, painfully watching-paint-dry kind of lessons... but now i'm thorugh that phase... i realize the joy is actually found in the process itself... or atleast... if you enjoy the process and not just the outcome... there's something sustainable about that... that it makes even the longest of journeys... meaningful... becuase every step no matter how small or chaotic... is rich with depth and meaning... simply becuase you are aware of each step. each stroke of the brush. each stretching of your limbs.

this applies mainly to self-taught, polymath personalities, but i think it's useful to share it with others too :)

i also realized that experimentation... always giving yourself a time of f reedom to explore and tinker... that has helped me learn so much more than guided lessons... i think it's becuase exploration unlocks the bounds and helps you see the areas you're blind to, when you're infront of them everyday... repeating the same habits... styles... methods... ways... but when you stap away from that... you discover new things that you can carry back with you...