the core idea here is represented in this question: "at what point have we dissected the layers of programming, to the point that it is detrimental to the human being engineering them?"

here, we explore two main ideas: instruction and inline compactness.

it is represented beautifully across two completely opposite languages: assembly and python.

python expresses the inline compactness perfectly. reducing the manual human need to express specific details, and instead, focus on the conceptual expression of the program. assembly, on the other hand, is entirely instruction-driven. this means the human being is forced to think at the lowest details possible, giving exact instructions to the machine. this allows the human being to access the complete power of the computer, but at what cost? 

metalanguage: the concept of "inline" in computer programs okay so the idea is... if we separate things based on their concept... like math or logic... then the power of computer programs actually falls back into assembly-level verbosity... where each level of instruction is a single line. that means you can't combine different operations in one instruction... you have to think as close as the metal as possible! that's... that's really time consuming... and writing programs can already become very time-consuming due to the multiple ways of expression... but that's actually what makes computer programs so powerful... they allow the human being to express their ideas as messy or incomplete as naturally-ocurring thoughts do... and they provide tools to help us solve issues like syntax or data errors. i think for metalanguage... we were thinking of everything as a block, and so new ideas appeared at each line... but now we realize... what makes lego so powerful is the same thing that makes programming so powerful: casting/inline. essentially we can walk between domains of expression and thought to express problems and solutions... without getting too technical here... it's essentially what let's a 4x4 lego brick, attach to an 8x8... even if it's not the perfect shape... it still fits... and that's what makes languages like python so popular. it is slower than C++ but arguably easier to read and write. that's the core idea of metalanguage... how can we make programming easier to read and write without losing what makes programming powerful like lego? i think we're getting at something here :) so instead of blocks in metalanguage being defined like "a" let's try a world-model were blocks can connect to other blocks like "b" "a" new Operation("fill") new DataSet("matrix") new Data("for matrix") new Union("matrix union").fill("data for matrix").sourcing("dataset matrix").with("operation fill") "b" new Dataset("matrix").data("...") ofcourse these are theoretical ideas... and i think the best model would be to try it out... solving a real-world program we faced :)