When i wake up sometimes, i'm very very irritable. i get it. i haven't come fully online yet... that's pretty scary to think about, but i just go with the flow...

i get very very very very angry and it seems like there's a negative force field following me around. more things fall, everything feels heavier, i notice negative patterns. i get it. it's biological science stuff. yeah. yeah okay. just becuase it's true doesn't make it useful!

but you knwo what is useful? action. and recently instead of slamming my fist on the table, or throwing objects that make me angry... which is probably becuase i most likely have autism/neurodivergence becuase this has happened for basically all my life. i bump into something, and i get really angry, i hit it back in a rage, but i end  up getting twice the hurt :(...
but anyways instead of blindly reacting, now i've intuitively developed what i call "the clockwork steam golem, releasing heat through pressure valves."

it's a beautiful image becusae it's exactly what autonomous anger feels like. you are striking at something in the moment, and it's almost like a giant iron golem, using all of it's kinetic motion capabilities, to generate enough force to punch something. and this absolutely is not a positive trait to have, so i'm learning to take a deep breath and imagine the steam clockwork robot in me, releasing a terrifying wave of hot steam, through it's pressure valves. i imagine the badass mechanical body, just lying there, motionless, yet contained.

so instead of punching something, i imagine that the force is flowing through my breath. 

and.

it.

works.

IT WORKS. IT'S A MIRACLE. It's like a mad scientist or a doctor or an inventor who has been tinkering for thousands and thousands of hours and is struggling with the same problem, and it's like light bulbs always crack open in the exact same way and the surgery always goes wrong and the experiment always fails, always in the exact same way, and that's what anger feels like. It's like a trap. And irritability always feels the same way. It always feels like the first time, like you never get used to being irritable. And so your only choice is to develop protection more for when you are in this state, because we were literally debating in my head... before deciding to get out of bed... like whether or not we should even wake up early today, because we were very irritable... and for some reason, we learned this thing....

And from the outside, it definitely seems like we just over-engineered our way to square breathing or some shit, lol. But this is fundamentally different because it only works because I'm a deeply imaginative person. And two, the act of embodying the anger and letting it release is like tension and resolution. And that's what makes art so awesome. And that art reinforces the imagination, which reinforces the action, and so it's a positive feedback loop. This is definitely gonna become part of our character... anger management usually either completely helps, or does nothing... it's literally hit or miss... no literally! so much of anger is like a soffucation of the body to just release something... it's like stored energy in mass... 

i think if  isaac newton were here, he would be nodding like "wait she's connecting physics to anger? why don't you come study with me in my basement!" i'd be like: "i'm sorry isaac, but this booty was made for walking. i'm not about to spend all my life thinking locked away lol! i'm going to do my best to integrate and find balance!"

isaac newton would be like... "balance... integration... gravity... gravity... EUREKA"

It's like one of those little inventor habits that you just sort of come across. Or maybe something gifts it to you because it sees how much you were struggling. Whatever it may be, I'm just grateful that we are discovering how to navigate the confusing labyrinth of the human condition.