This is very important to me, as I live with this every day. But before we explore the mechanics of this illness  let me just say that this is one of the most horrifying things and beautiful parts of healing.

my goal with this paper is to synthesize it into practical information so that we are no longer defined by this disorder, so that we can try to make good from it, because it reveals the most vulnerable parts of the persona, and that is where real healing happens. and that is really my... our collective effort.

so because this is a very varied area of experience, we can draw from a lot of subjects to build metaphors and to understand and to understand what it feels like. so I think fundamentally dysphoria feels a lot like you are suffocating and desperate to become an individual and to be able to exist in the world without feeling like you are constantly being evaluated if you get to exist or not and this is what this for you feels like because everyone's situation is different but essentially we go through the same thing in our own different way. 

And it's about the desperation to be an individual 

and it probably has to do with the limitations of human life... like we are aware that our time serious limited and we don't have forever... well from what I've observed I have realized that fundamentally it is not a good metric to base your entire life on the fact that we are mortal and we're going to die one day and so it is really important to find more sustainable grounding. 

Okay you're going to let them The way I found my personal grounding is really a story itself and I believe that's the healthiest form. I don't believe you arrive at an answer in your life and you just stick with it for the rest of your life, I believe even our sense of meaning should evolve and change but I also believe it should always be based on something positive because...??

This is something I'm also uncovering that whenever I go outside I've intuitively developed my own ecosystem almost like a language to interface between the chaos and complexity that I cannot control in daily life and the inner and chaos that I feel... And this is why... And really this is the only way to make This is the only way to make complex systems and navigable by a human being because we fundamentally need a language or a set of tools or a framework or something to navigate the chaos of the world and you cannot simply hide from the chaos of the world because that's literally what we were designed for and if you stay in your room all day safe and protected, I've learned it a hard way that, deprivation and isolation is not where healing happens that's only where this function worsens.... but I want to be absolutely careful about how I share this because I'm not pointing my finger at You, whoever maybe reading thi...

so back to our frameworks idea, essentially what I've been intuitively discovering is that I bring my phone with me and I have my notes which I'm using to write right now in fact while I'm in public! And although it is incredibly nerve-racking, when you actually immerse in your world and you're in body and something, something meaningful, I feel like this is the only way to navigate a stage right because there's always a stage right because you're performing and people are absolutely going to judge you and look at you and you can't just ignore the world you live in because again that's not the solution. but perhaps... perhaps if we develop our own language and systems and frameworks then we can deal with the chaos of the world we live in especially with the things we cannot control as human beings.

February 16 2026, this is a continuation of this is a continuation of yesterday's studies and observations. so essentially, dysphoria is perception-based. This means it's like body dysmorphia, where you do not really see real shapes, and it's like your mind is literally morphing, that's why the word, contains the word morph, dysmorphia. and the word itself is the

so we're gendered as far as imagine that you have a friend, and they are hyper fixated on the smallest imperfections of themselves and the problem with it is more fear is it enlarges and zooms in on the imperfections and that's exactly what happens when an artist zooms into foreign to an image or an engineer gets stuck on a piece of circuitry and the big picture gets lost

we human beings are dependent on our location senses and that's how we derive our meaning. and so when you lose your direction you essentially lose meaning. 

this is what makes mental illness so tragic, on the outside it appears that the person is living in the same world as you, but inside, the world they see through their eyes is completely different. it's morphed, maybe it looks dark or maybe it looks too bright. maybe somebody parts look magnified, maybe other parts look too small. 

we have to realize that a lot of modern technology has either influenced or developed mental illness. I think the only way we can deal with this, is through our knowledge and educating our young human beings, that is your responsibility as an adult. that is what I fundamentally believe is in the court purpose of my work, ethically.