in Los angeles, the society and culture is very diverse. some of the most problematic sources of danger, are no longer biological, they are psychological, spiritual and metaphysical. they are existential. essentially, we can think of them as groups or schools of thought. 

Brutalism:
first we have the brutalist way of life, which essentially is deterministic. a brutalist in Los Angeles believes that the only reason to exist, is to breed and continue to refine the human race. 

Post-brutlalism:
on the other hand, we have a more existential nihilistic community. and they believe the same core as the brutalists. however, they believe because life is ultimately only about breeding with each other, there are unanswered questions such as the nature of death and suffering and cruelty. they believe life is ultimately pointless if it is deterministic. not all of the post-brutalists believe that life is pointless, but they do believe life is ultimately meaningless. 

these are the tired workers. they are the undervalued service men. they are the invisible members of the city that keep it powered. there is a quiet rebellion within the post-brutalists, they are only kept afloat by the pleasures of the city. otherwise, they were surely drown like the voidists.

Voidism:
and that brings us to the most harmful squirrel of thought, anti-natalists. they believe that because life is ultimately suffering, and we will all die anyway, there is no reason to continue the brutalist life, in fact there's no reason to continue life at all. they believe that having children is a moral and existential crime. they believe consciousness does not justify the cruelty and suffering it can experience, and bringing a child, a consciousness against their will to this world, filled with uncertainty and pain, that is the core essence of the Voidal-natalists in lost angelis. 

Truthism:
but then amongst these chaotic and dangerous philosophies, there is a quiet underground community that still believes life is worth living, and that it is not brutalist, it is not deterministic. 

these are the people that refuse to accept the broken society they live in. perhaps they don't know how to fix it, and they don't even know where to begin, but at least they seek truth and virtue and they study ancient human history, which is forbidden in the city. they are surely practicing the rebellion of liberation... even if there is a quiet suffocation, a desperation within them, a hope for someday someone to save them, to liberate them.

Oneism:
and then there is the Mooder Royal family... they believe that the only purpose of life is to reduce suffering and enhance pleasure. essentially it's Hedonism + Utopian.

Phrophesism:
these are the group of people that are completely given up on life, but they are awaiting for a rescuer. perhaps from the sky someone will descend. perhaps within the system it will collapse. these are the people that are clinging on to Hope like their last loaf of bread, because for some, that's exactly what their life has come to.