this is awesome :) but remember, this is not a world-scale project lol... we are simply building a tool that i would have loved to have when i was younger... somethign that inspires you to build...

let's expand on that... something that inspires my younger self to build and make music... it's absolutely the first impression of the UI. that's what made us try out FL Studio over other DAWs... all the way back in the early 2010's :') [crying lol]

then it's the actual music you get to create with it... which is the UX...

so in our approach... the plugin block system is kind of like that inspiring factor...

and looking at traditional music making...  modular synth racks are exactly that build-it-your-own approach... but for us atleast... it felt very scary as an outsider... but really... working with a DAW is arguably much more complicated than building blocks with audio processors... 

i think the missing link is the idea that notion.so expressed with "templates" ...iknow... it's a completely different domain lol... but hear us out! obsidian is arguably more powerful than notion becuase it's source-data driven and completely extendible by the user. notion is more powerful upfront for the everyday user becuase it has many built-in things like templates and systems by the community. they serve as both startup enviornments but also examples of how to use the advanced power features of notion to build your own things.

that's what obsidian was missing from it's product vision, and i think they know their target audience well enough to not force a template engine lol. obsidian is primarily a second brain, as they market it on their site. using a sophisticated markdown editor to work with .md files and folders on the system. notion is completely cloud-based.

that's the architecture design...

we think about... well... we could have both options when the time calls for it.

for now, let's leave these notes for future reference :)

let's come back when the mind is ready lol thsi is a crazy program.