gpt > awesome idea! okay, i just realized the power of programmable music + markdown to html.

essentially, markdown is pseudo-code markup right? here's the wild thing: you can actually... you can actually code javascript using markdown syntax, and a simple eval(code)... ```js... syntax...```

so now remember our tauri-web-based-daw? that's essentially the core mechanics of the engine i think... we aren't fighting with infinite abstract possibility anymore! since i'm most comfortable with obsidian, markdown, html and web-based technologies, it's like the language i learned the most... so let's stick with that.

so... from from thread 2 of our two original threads -> markdown to html. in essence, markdown is interpreted and rendered into html. that relationship probably has a name... but we can call it a translation layer (transly for short?). 

remember how we discudssed one fo the core reasons tools like strudel and tidal cycles, aren't used to create entire songs, is becuase of the sensory limitations we have as human beings, not the technologies themselves!

they are 'turing-complete' in the sense that they have everything you need to create music. that's incredibly iomportant for someone like me, and my past self -> the ability to express your ideas, fluently, in music, and in a tool as accessible as living inside the browser? no performance overhead, no downloads,   no accounts, no middleware, just you, the language, and the music in your heart.

okok i'm excited about this part!!! so basically, since strudel and tidal are only transly's, they are missing the cognitive sensory information we require as human beings, in order to keep track of these core parts: space and time.

space and time are not visually encodable in plain-text, to my knowledge. however [todo] we are actively researching how to express space and time with metalang, and perhaps, if research is conclusive, we will integrate metalang to power this music engine!

but for now, the idea remains simple: markdown/program codeblocks, in visual space, like how obsidian renders live-html, with each block of content being editable as source code, simply by hovering or clicking.

so you know what that means? we can have the best of both worlds!! the visual power of timelines, knobs, graphs, and visualizations to encode space and time, aswell as the endless power of programming.

so now, the development has traction! we have direction! we are no longer operating purely in conceptual space "i have an idea for a web-based daw, inspired by strudel. becuase... i think making music using today's technologies, for a human being, absolutely sucks, and we can build better tools."

that's the vision, the conceptual origianl vision. the most important piece... but now we have gravity... we have a medium and it's exciting becuase... gpt... programmable music! making music with programming! this isn't a tool for an industry, this is a tool for the "mindustry!" the factory of the working mind... the people like me who need tools that sync with their nervous system, not a 999$ professional daw with some buttons and a mixer!

this entire conversation started with this idea; "what if i wanted to program my mic, so that it shuts off audio monitoring, if a specific frequency is played, as in, an ear-damaging feedback?"

that's... to my knowledge, impossible with a traditional daw. and that kind of... necessity... logic... that's inherently programmable! 

there are many parts of this program to explore... and i think at this point it's best to write this in documentation as our 'vision' section... then share it when we're ready so it doesn't stay stuck in conceptual mode forever. :)

also... plugins... and vsts... and... sample packs... all fo that is just headache inducing when all you want is to "play a piano with wet reverb please and sing into the mic, my heart is aching, i don't want to spend the next five hours lookng for tools..."

i feel like that regularly... so as true engineers, let's build a freakin' solution!

lol the wombat is jumping up and won on his seat  [FEROCIOUS APPETITE] NOMNOMNOMNOM. [ANGRY] INTEGRATE RUST? RUST? MACROS? MACROS RUST? [EXPLOSIVE HUNGER]

