# There is a beauty in the chaos of messy code... it's something i'm learning to appreciate.
Programming languages are very very messy... and often they give me headaches trying to understand... but it isn't the technologies fault... but rather how i'm using it.

I expect or atleast deeply desire control out of my tools. I want things to be ordered and perfect becuase that makes me feel safe, in control and it's something i don't really get in my life.

---

I'm having so many thoughts and noise in my head, and there's this nasty little voice that is saying, this is not perfect enough. It's not clean code. When you come back tomorrow, you're going to waste so much time reading this. This is not scalable. You're making the same mistakes. You're not growing as an engineer. Blah, blah, blah. That nasty little gremlin. It's like a little freaking goblin that's here to steal all the gold. You know how in Diablo III, there is that stupid little goblin that always laughs in the corner? And you have to run after it as it drops its stolen gold. Because if you don't catch it in time, it's going to open a portal and literally disappear. And it's the most hilarious and cruel depiction of the archetype that I'm talking about. And, essentially, I'm realizing there's a beauty in the complexity, in the ugliness. You know, programming languages are actually meant to be messy and scattered, just like human abstract thought. Earlier today, I was speaking with you about this incredible realization, Earlier today, I was speaking with you about this incredible realization, because one of the things that have stressed me out the most of code is the knowledge that good, clean, structured code exists, and I'm not following those strict guidelines. But, really, my favorite code that I've written hasn't been the cleanest or the most perfect. It's been code that has helped me express what I needed in the moment, and to get something visual and real. It's like nobody cares about how neat your wires are. And, honestly, I have a deep appreciation for someone that can meticulously map cable management like they do in code. But, if I'm honest, having such little energy and time every day, I've realized what I appreciate more than cable management is getting shit done, and that's really what matters more to me. And so, I'm just appreciating the beautiful, chaotic mess of code. You can always refine and refactor later. What matters is that you have something to begin with, like the articles. 

I'm also realizing that expressiveness is a tradeoff... if you want absolute perfect order and a linear path, go to the lowest level of machine... no it's not even assembly... i'm talking mathematics and binary... numbers... cold strict rigid logic that follow LITERALLY only TRUTH or FALSE... At the lowest level of computing, it's literally black or white. you can't outsmart it... you can't build around it. the agent is a slave to the rules of mathematiics. that is strict order.

in human beings extreme order of this kind is often manifested in political movements such as in the past... we don't have to mention them... we know who we're talking about.

But also extreme freedom and no rules is like a hippie without direction in life. Yes, you're happy, but you're also aimless and you're not really changing the world around you. You're sort of just living for yourself in hedonism. And that will not save you when you come face to face with the tragedy of being. And so this is the reason I enjoy code so much because it's a metaphor to human life. Essentially, programming languages allow you to express your messy human ideas to make something real. And the only way that expression is possible is because predecessors before me meticulously managed cables and zeros and ones and true and false and they created logic and gates and input and output. And eventually, all of that complexity exploded and emerged something that is capable and alive and expressive. After thousands and millions of interlocking layers of cold, strict logic emerges complexity and potential and possibility. And I'm appreciating how messy languages can be. Even as I'm writing down this code and creating little things on the screen, I am realizing it's not the cleanest code. It's not the most optimal or efficient. It's probably hard for me to even read. But what matters is that I'm moving forward in time. I'm leaving something behind. More important than that, I'm gaining experience as an engineer and I can handle more and more complexity, which is the whole point of programming languages to begin with. So you're not moving around memory manually, manually, but you're moving around pixels. And eventually, you create your own tools and you're no longer working with pixels. You're working with ideas and fragments of your thoughts. And you're translating parts of your consciousness onto the public web for others to witness. And my work echoes far beyond what I can even understand right now. But let me not zoom out like that, because that's honestly overwhelming. I'm just going to do my work diligently and conscientiously, like Carl Jung said, and unknown allies will come meet me along my way.