I think I understand why applications exist. because if you think about it, the computer, or the pocket computer, it's just evaluating computer instructions, and all of that stuff is pretty much abstract memory management. and if you think about it, some people actually prefer using their computer entirely in the command line. and the old MS-DOS systems used to be command line interface only. those were actually the original computers, the mainframe IBM'S, they were giants and they filled an entire room and consumed so much power, just to process data and mathematics. and eventually we human beings realized the next step of abstraction was to create punch cards, so we didn't have to manually place data into the computer, which was dangerous and time-consuming. and so that's an example of the Trinity of integrated optimization: which is damage reduction, time saving,    and extension of agency: which is two parts, the reduction of input, without the reduction of agency. that is a key distinction in optimization and abstraction. it's not just about stacking layers on top of things like interfaces, just to hide away messy details, but it's actually building a system to make all of that manageable. 


you could run everything in a command line at your face. just like we used to use plain text computers. it was only a computer, a command line interface, which is the most rudimentary kind of interface you can imagine, because there is no mouse, it's entirely keyboard driven, and then the original versions, there wasn't even a backspace key! 

and so we can trace the history of computers to understand why features and optimizations and abstractions evolved. 

but philosophically here, the idea of an application is like its own little world it's a little ecosystem. when you open your clock app, there are key distinctions from other apps. it has an icon, it has a title, and it's integrated into the system with notifications and additional overlay interfaces. almost as if you treated human vision with the ability to have a visual interface on top of it, that's essentially what our computer is. 

we are entering a environment that extends our ocular system our memory system are processing system and ?? 

that's also realize that an application itself was written by a human being, it's a computer program, but we call it software. because in essence, the word software means something that is changeable, soft, malleable like clay.  

so why does this matter? well fundamentally we are adding more and more interfaces on top of a synthetic layer of rocks and green circuitry and electricity, and we are slowly but surely modeling it to be more like natural life. that's essentially what robotics is emerging into. but even robots will still require 90% software. And so let's think about what an application is, it has an identity and it's an environment it's almost like it's own little room it's own little space. that's why I command line interfaces don't work, at least not for the average Homo sapien LOL because when you inline the environment with purpose, you get something like a frankenstein. some people like frankenstein, other people like, other people LOL