so if you think about it, the kind of human being that enjoys a software, like genuinely enjoys working with complex computer systems and programs, and the tactile feeling of writing and expressing in a language, someone like this, fits a very specific archetype.. . . they require knowledge of the information in the world they live in. you need to know exactly why something exists, the historical evolution, and how it fits into the rest of the program. and those are essentially all properties of the existence of something, and so this explains why it can be therapeutic for certain people like myself, to spend time coding. but I believe in a form of integrated human computer interfaces, meaning, we don't use computers to distract ourselves and we don't let them use us, but rather we integrate symbiotically with the computer. now it doesn't mean you're giving the computer data and it's happy and it's giving you back the answers to life LOL but I think the integrated part is using the power of computers to solve human problems. 

but I also have to pull out real quick  (lol)  and we have to recognize the absurdity of complex computer systems. they are more complicated than physical systems, because in the software world, we are dealing with multiple dimensions of expression and that's necessary in order to create software that is useful to the world outside. nobody's going to write a computer program that lives in the computer world. well, maybe if you're an enthusiast you'll write a sophisticated Fibonacci calculator, and that is impressive and therapeutic and fun in its own right. but what I'm talking about is when we use software engineering, which is no longer coding or programming, to solve problems in the external world. to build applications architecture infrastructure for hospitals and systems in the real world how we use computers and computational models to solve problems in the real world. 

and we can't do that without adding our own human touch to the synthetic hum of a computer processing binary like it's heartbeat. 

hilarious programming comments. 

// God help whoever has to fix this