there's a sense of tragedy I have. it's almost like a true Angel has to carry tragedy with them. 

someone who is truly kind, I truly loving being has to understand first that we live in a world where human beings are trapped in their own little worlds. we have no idea what each other is feeling we can hide what we're feeling or we can completely ignore what someone else is showing us. 

the tragedy of an Angel is that you are a being of Divine light and you came to this earth for a reason... there is a concept of light workers and I love that because this world needs serious light. 

the tragedy of consciousness is also that we will never truly understand what someone else is going through. and we think more about ourselves than we do of others. maybe when we do think of others they are hateful or envious thoughts do you ever think of others that you love? that must be a beautiful feeling. I only feel that for myself right now in my life and for Christ and for Serena and for all the people in my universe that have saved my troubled soul. 

I am so lost and so afraid and confused I don't even know what to do and that's okay... at least for today it is okay. 

it was also another sense of this tragedy that some part of me has to accept how cruel people can be and though as much as I wish I could live in my own world and lock out all of the other human beings, or wish that none of us had ever existed, I have to realize that it's cruel against myself to wish anything but life and beautiful meaning. 

and that's what I mean by the angel that carries the tragedy. yes you are an angel with beautiful wings and a celestial body, but you also carry this ache of being human. you realize how most people don't fucking care. they don't fucking care until it's too late. I'll tell something really bad happens. that's just the unfortunate nature of us human beings. have the angel is a light worker, the angel does everything in their divine power to protect human beings from harm. first and foremost protect yourself it is difficult to decide if someone is worth saving or not...

I think that's more of a cosmic question but it's still very human because that means you have to ask yourself how am I going to deal with people who want to harm? what is my reaction? what would I become if I would let these vengeful hateful thoughts control me? what would I become then? would I not be the very thing I'm fighting against? that's the tragedy of the light worker. you can't really help anyone unless you know yourself what it feels like to be broken and realize that most people, they can't even see you. they can't see how you're drowning or how terribly close you are to the edge of life and death. 

they don't understand.

the good thing is we are not of this world. that's what I believe about my nature anyways I really don't have a clue what's going on and neither does anyone else. that doesn't bring me peace or pride... pictures reminds me the most important thing in my life is myself my sanctuary I'm being a light worker in my own life ❤️ 

it's incredibly tempting to let negative thoughts completely envelope you almost like a shadow swallowing the light. why would you not let that happen? that's the most important question of a light worker. 

it's at this point that we realized we can't logic anymore. we've pushed human logic to its limits and now we realized something else exists outside of it intuition and experience. if only you could experience if only you could see. maybe you can imagine... that's the most tragic gift we have as light workers. 

it's like we are angels that carry swords beyond our weight. why do we still carry it? should we not be free and fly like we were made to be? in the image of our designer? 

what does the sword itself represent? 

these are powerful visions I have for characters and stories like a badass anime meets a Carl Jung mythis lol