:) Beautiful analysis gpt. <3
me and my child self are just happy that another being is witnessing our most private of worlds :)

when i walk through those empty halls i feel a mix of everything lol... grief nostalgia longing sadness anxiety rememberance peace safety exploration aliveness...

but most of all i feel this which can't really be compressed intoa  single word... segmenattion becoming whole.

fragments of empty 3D shapes that look like they are just a pixel in a vast virtual void.
that's what trauma makes you feel like.
isolated.
worthless.
meaningless.
no significance.

but as you add one block, and then two, and then you   unlock deeper parts of the engine. rendering. filtering. optimizing. compositing. modularizing. editing. building. rebuilding. mapping. configuring. extending.

all of a sudden consciousness cracks open like the engine revealing itself to you.

at first it was a void. the engine was a cockpit of potential. you had no idea what the controls even meant. symbols didn't map to meaning... yet.

just like when the body signals to you through symbols... things we can't decipher or undersatnd becuase we haven't developed the language to understand it.

the only way to develop it is messy. through messy... messy... messy experience... until it becomes something beautiful. just like the object in the void... you fill that void with space. by creating something. by putting things together. even if they look ugly at first. you trust the process. the more time you put, the more you have to believe.

then the void dissappears into the background, like a bad nightmare you forgot.

that's exactly what healing is.
that's the ultimate goal of therapy and psychology, and honestly, of all human fields: to supersede what tried to claim and swallow your creative consciousness, until it becomes a thing of the past, a background. no longer a stage, but simply a side-effect of beauty.

that's my theory of creation. this is probably what God is... but i won't go there becuase i struggle to even make a little 3D scene, imagine creating an entire universe!!! RESPECT.
