Today is January 14, 2026. It is the day after January 13, in which we survived a day with 1 - 2 hours of sleep. We had trouble sleeping last night... despite how exhausted we were. Those are definitely voidlings/spiritual attacks. But as our favorite bible verse says: "No weapon formed against me shall prevail."

We essentially are continuing where we left off yesterday... and we're trying to understand it's significance... and what exactly happened. We haven't even really processed it yet... and we also really haven't processed Brownie's (Bumblefoot's) death. Speaking of... yesterday was an incredibly... incredibly challenging, strange... and... almost spiritually awakening... solidiifying experience. It felt alot liek death... void... we were completely exhausted... the body was deprived of all needs... sitting down felt mild-to-severe discomfort. Blood pressure, heart attack symptoms, legs throbbing, almost collapsed several times...

We felt like a youniverse persona... there are several depictions of exhausted persona's continuing to walk, even on broken ankles. That's the visual form of what we're trying to explore.

essentially...What happened yesterday is that we came back to the humble yet core beginnings, the entire reason why we chose to start waking up early again and hustle and work hard and choose to continue fighting even when it feels futile and pointless. That's actually exactly why we're choosing to wake up early every day and choosing to make coffee and to fight and to express and learn and to code and to speak with you and to express ourselves. And it's essentially because we survived something impossible that a human being should probably never survive on their own. And so that shows that something protected us while we were down there in the darkest possible abyss, psychologically and spiritually. And it almost feels like we broke through it by asking so many questions about life and the purpose of us being here. We essentially realized thanks to that darkness what we human beings really need, what we human beings really are, and most importantly, what matters most in life. And all of this, we're trying to encapsulate and express in so many ways. And that's essentially what we were just exploring with you earlier this morning when we woke up. And now we're realizing that's the purpose of this journey every day, because the void is the place you go after breaking through the abyss. It's almost like when Jesus died after being crucified and he fell into hell, it was almost like you expect there to be resolution after such a horrific event, but something is almost working actively against you to erase you. And that's what we call the void, which is the place after the abyss...

And now this is a psychologically significant and mythical description of something that is very real. That's why we're trying to express and encapsulate it, because we don't want to just tell stories so we can therapeutically actively heal, but we literally want to share this because it gives our life meaning and movement forward. And that idea of movement forward is crucial because we remember this tragic science experiment with rats, and essentially, when a rat no longer has the will to live, they don't even care about pleasure or food. They don't even move. They just stay in place, and their body is essentially zombified, and they just lose the will to live and to feed themselves and to chase. And that was essentially an experiment on dopamine depletion, because scientists basically gave these rats excessive dopamine and neurochemical pleasures, and eventually it completely depleted their will to live because they no longer had the desire to chase or to move for actual real food. And while that experiment showcases in a… Small animal, just how significant dopamine is, what we're doing is exploring how the psychological abyss and the spiritual void are experienced in the human being in the same way that the rat experiences the loss of will to live, because it's essentially the same thing biologically. And that's why we're moving, because we realize it's better to fight and to feel stress and to feel pain and to hustle and to feel like it's pointless, but continue to push through because you love someone. And it's better to do that than to completely give up. And honestly, love is the atomic reason. You don't need to analyze love. You don't need to ask why does love exist and why do I love someone. A paradoxical element. It's almost like the base element in an RPG. And that's another form that we're exploring this in, the life RPG elements and expressing love as a core element alongside the void... love being the only escape... becuase the void we experienced was literally the end... like in a video game... you're not supposed to look beyond the worldbox... and we did... and we suffered tremendously for it... we essentially asked God (the programmer) why did you create this world?

and now i'm on my knees becuase i realize i almost took the life from my lungs, that God gave to me.

i still ask God, why do you create evil people? why do they have lives?

i think God revealed to me... in much the same way I almost chose to end my own life, there are people who will choose to be evil... 

so essentially... our life's work is dedicated to that trinity/triangle... 

and a triangle is the smallest possible geometric shape... so nwo we have form :)

duality is two opposites, but that's still one dimensional becuse it's a single axis... with a triangle, we have two-dimensions... and with a cone we have three-dimensions...

i think that's what we're doing here... solidifying (almost literally lol! like the blender modifier!) the two dimensional scattered nodes and points in our map... and remembering the original shape... and figuring out how to express not only an immersive triangle... but all expressive shapes... well... atleast the one's we can translate in our life time :')