at first we thought Jack would be a lot like sephiroth from final fantasy 7. he has beautiful long silver hair, and he has this villainous smile almost like he's tempting you kind of like the joker from Batman the dark knight. however, the more we realize who his character represents the more I realize that he's like a walking human tragedy and he knows he chose to be evil and nothing will ever justify the sins he has committed and so he calls himself a fallen angel and that's really his character. he's not meant to be glamorized like lucifer, or a vampire. Jack is actually just a tragic character. he's not a villain, he's not an antihero, he's the part of my psyche that saw too much tragedy and... his nervous system basically broke. he developed like an alternate ego to protect him from the horrific drama he survived. he tried ending his life multiple times but after realizing he was afraid of dying, that's where his story really begins. because he's a contradiction, he hates life because of how much suffering he has seen and endured, but at the same time he actively works to destroy with as massive of a scale as he can possibly achieve in his life. 

this is why he created the, or perhaps became a leading voice of the secret society, the school of gothica, the gothics, the goths. essentially they are the people who are outcasted from society, and at school we see this really interesting dynamic where, they are social outcasts but they are still forced to share the same social space as everyone else. the strange thing about the Goths is that, they are almost always seen alone, they don't really have friends or groups in between them. like the nerds or the academics, they at least have companionship. a little inspired by the video game bully scholarship edition. 

and it really solidifies what it feels like to be a human being who is suffering with depression or mental illness or trauma, and no one can really see the darkness your soul is consumed by, and because we are fundamentally social, we depend on each other and so when we are isolated it makes us feel worthless and unseen, because a lot of human life is actually not just physical, like not what we see, but it's a lot of mystery and psychology and invisible things we can't see so that's where the spirituality comes. 

Jack is also an exploration on what leads a human being to willingly choose to be evil. in the stories of Genesis in the Hebrew beliefs, human beings were given free will. and they chose willingly to sin and break order. and it's interesting because the original sin is knowledge, the tree of Good and evil. and so it's a very telling narrative of how human beings probably always want to define our own nature and our own morality and we want to make our own rules and that's essentially what Lucifer dead when the Angels fell from heaven. and Jack's story is a lot like that with a lot of biblical themes, inspired by one of our favorite animes death note. there's a lot of biblical visions and references in that anime and that's what makes it goth and dark and aesthetic but deep beneath it, it's actually a narrative of the tragedy of the human being, and how ultimately the dark path is absolutely not the answer. 

Jack discovers this in the most tragic possible way and his story must absolutely never be glamorized. he is a man who suffered deeply and he made a lot of Life suffer because of him, in the end Justice was served. Justice always wins.