death is not supposed to be an event that you experience repeatedly because it actually overwhelms the human system you either become dissociated and numb to the shock of death or a completely breaks you. 

and a rhythm is the only thing that can direct the relentless torrent of ambition creativity and work of a polymath mind. when you have a rhythm it's like a train that naturally seeks the nearest path, the nearest track to take. sometimes you're putting in a lot of effort into something but you don't know if it's actually the right work which can only be defined by the larger goals or some kind of moving destination. speaking of which your goals mean nothing unless they come from the core meaning of your life which is the compass that always guide you. your work should only be an extension or tangible reflection of that core meaning this way you never forget what matters most in life and you also do something about it which as far as I've experienced expression is the only thing we can equip ourselves with against the burden of consciousness at its darkest. I believe it's because the consciousness tries to express to connect to make sense, it's not that consciousness as a burden but sometimes it is incredibly overwhelming to live in a body and be aware of so much but be able to express so little it's something that I've experienced a lot in my life and it's almost like being incapable of speaking a language that you really want to understand there's like this desperation and the more sensitive you are the more you feel like an unstable particle without a gravity source and that's exactly what the compass in your life is. it's a source of gravity a place where you can return to ... an inner ecosystem...

this is essentially what I believe is the real purpose of psychological work. and the craziest thing that I've learned in my life is that nature actually gave us the tools to survive and to withstand pain and as long as we have a strong moral compass, and a compass of meaning, I believe there are no limits to what the human being can become.