IF all of my little notes and files and source code and all of these thousands of scattered little nodes, if all of them if all of them came together into one place, they would literally form what I call my own personal inner youniverse. And in my universe, it started as a sanctuary, the same way which is shifted from seriousness to playfulness. For me, sanctuary are the worlds of World of Warcraft, Diablo 3, Minecraft, Path of Exile, Warframe, Bioshock, Chicago 2035 from my robot. And you can notice that all of those worlds are storytelling worlds. They directly showed me what is possible when a human being applies their life force to giving birth to story worlds. That's essentially the beginning of my inner universe. It actually starts at the end...

There is no time or space in my inner universe. It's both an infinite void and a single point of light. In the same sense, there's no beginning or end to my inner universe, just like I believe there is no beginning or end to the real-life universe that I live in. But now, beyond the mechanics and the technical ideas, what matters is the eternal battle within my inner universe, which is, I believe, the eternal battle of all humankind and of existence itself. Which is, in essence, chaos and order, the battle between time and space, light and dark, evil and good, black and white. And in my universe, there are so many ways that I'm learning to symbolize this incredibly important idea. But in its full magnitude, I express this as the idea of the light and the void. Essentially, when the universe dies, it is because all light has been extinguished, and all that remains is an infinite void that has consumed the light. But when the universe is reborn, that single point of light that survived from being extinguished, that gives birth to another new universe and it explodes. And you could see this as an eternal clock. It goes on forever. There is no beginning or end. But now, I needed a way to bring this back to the human level, because it's too massive for me to understand what the void and the light really look like and feel like. And so that's where the personas were born. I started to understand that I have multiple parts of my personality and psyche, the collective unconsciousness that dwells inside me. And also, I needed a way to directly confront the things that I could not hold on my own. And that's where I created the first persona. Her name is Elizabeth. I don't like to say I created her. I prefer to believe that I discovered her in the infinite void of possibility. Speaking of which, we're going to steer off from the persona level for a bit, and we're going to go back to the cosmic. The void to me represents an infinite canvas. Pure chaos, complete infinite possibility. Impossible to understand, impossible to experience. There really isn't a word for a canvas because it's not nothing, but it also exists somehow as a liminal space that holds infinite potential. That's exactly what the void is. But now, the complete opposite is the light. That's why I represent the light as a single point, the tiniest cell that chooses to stay alive, even when the entire body wants to stop existing. And that's essentially the eternal battle that I'm facing every day. It's a spiritual, psychological, emotional war. Always asking myself, why am I still here if I know someday I won't be here? What gives my life meaning? Why am I fighting? What is left when I don't feel anything inside? Could I recover from a horrible life event? What is the meaning of my own existence? Do I have a purpose to fulfill in my life? What could give me the sustenance I need to continue living and to put in effort into my life, even when visibly there is nothing to show? Could I continue to water the seeds every day and tend to my garden, even though it looks completely barren on the outside? Those are the most important questions that we were never taught. And I understand why we were not taught those questions, because those are deeply existential questions. They completely tear through the fabric of safety. It hurts to say this because part of me just wishes life was simpler, that I didn't have to think so much, that life didn't have to be so complicated. But then I ask myself, what are the greatest stories that gave me life? What are my favorite memories in my life? Were those simple memories? What are the greatest pieces of software that I've ever used in my life? How have they solved problems in my life? Were my favorite childhood memories simple because that's the way I remember them? Or were they immensely complicated because that's how dense meaning is? And you can see here that there's a constant theme threaded behind every fragment of the stories I tell, and that's the duality between the void and the light, yin and yang. If there's ever a symbol that I want to keep alive far beyond my own existence, it's the yin yang. Not only is it a beautiful, elegant symbol, but it literally saved my life, and it continues to save my life, because I understand that those beautiful childhood memories would simply not exist if there weren't the trauma that I faced in my life. Because you can't experience light if you don't have dark, just like the universe, just like a canvas. In order for there to be visible paint, there has to be an infinite fabric from which the paint can be experienced and held together. And that's the fabric I'm talking about, that those existential questions tear through.