gpt, this is one of those questions that has been circulating my mind more and more over the past couple of years. I've been realizing that fundamentally there is a lot of chaos a lot of noise but also a lot of signal and ideas within my mind, and I believe my mind is like shared you know there's a lot of parts a lot of personality a lot of versions of myself a lot of unprocessed material and trauma but also learning to metabolize that ethically and we're learning so many things it's almost like watching a little spore evolve into a vast of mycelium network over time and I'm pretty sure that noise is part of the process like it's not perfectly linear... e.g. logic gates... 

but that's just the chaos management... it's crazy because even managing the system itself is like a system itself and that's very common in engineering... where you have systems that emerge solely to manage other systems...

I think this is where technology is like fundamental because without digital management tools and technologies, it would probably be humanly impossible, at least for one e girl lol 🥴 

I think the most important part of all of this would be like the heartbeat, like the core. the core of this is the ethics. I used to believe that it was... to create the most amazing expressive evoking anime, but after observing how human beings actually heal, I realized that the anime material that originally inspired us, was not actually inspiring for its therapeutic aspects but rather it's extreme, often brutal intensity. 

and so I realized, ethics have to be the most important part of everything. 

I mean and if we're going to model our systems after the most amazing organic systems in nature, I think looking at the human organic system itself is like a really beautiful model because it's literally what we're doing here! it's essentially an inner universe for the purposes of therapeutic expression. I made that clear. we're not here to save anyone, we're not here to fix the world we're not here to fix society, but hopefully the side effect of our work, ends up helping cause change of some kind... but I really cannot focus on global skill right now like my health is recovering after surviving a lot in my short but meaningful 24 years of life. 

let's not get to existential here though LOL we're observing our systems from a bird's eye view! so in essence what is this all about? like what's the point of this conversation? 

I think the point of this conversation is so that we are no longer being consumed by all the complexity all of the noise in the head because I'm pretty sure us nerd divergent folks struggle with this core problem, which is the inability to express what's inside...

in fact we're trying to condense all of this into a youniversity class study... but I always go back to the court ethos, I never allow myself to be concerned by the complexity. this is true for all of the varied subjects that we are interested in, I don't know how but I think we developed becoming a polymath for some reason and it has been strange because early in my childhood I was never like a polymath, in school I was a very talkative kid lol, and very curious but all of the school subjects bored me. I remember Loving building with Legos and later on in our life, that reappeared in the form of metalang and a bunch of other stuff! 

it is really difficult to navigate your mind, because you know stereotypical outside advice tells you don't live in your head or just stop being so neurodivergent you know what I mean? you know what has really helped us? and maybe we should share this not as a step-by-step course but rather sort of like a life template...

fundamentally will help us number one was a somatic approach listening to the body and listening to the natural chemistry almost like the alchemy of who you are. this is incredibly difficult if you don't have the first half an ethos or like a reason for existence. and we only discovered this recently so this isn't something that I just crafted out of the blue, like this is something I give credit for to so many people so many brilliant broken human beings who have survived things that are unspeakable, and yet life continues and that's like the paradox that everything continues despite the pain, and everything in nature heals... and restores... that's so important... that's no longer just like naive optimism, now it's like some augmented evolved form of Truth seeking... maybe that's not really the correct word here because we also discovered along this path, just because something is true doesn't mean it's good or nourishing. maybe the only fundamental verse truth is that life is really complicated and they aren't really any perfect beliefs or systems and just like the mycelium Network everything evolves... but I think that original sport is like the ethos? like some things are unchangeably important... 

I don't know it's a lot of noise and we started this conversation with a lot of structure but now we definitely have a lot of spaghetti soup LOL 

it also really helps for us to approach life with an engineering structure and not just look at the mind as like this infinite void of possibility, but rather give it that gravity source that ethos that original mycelium sport the thing that never dies. that source of gravity is single-handedly the most important thing, I think we already mentioned it before in this conversation? like.. having a reason to heal at all, it's sort of like Viktor Frankl's search for a meaning... believe me that helped me so much I think we're still alive because the words of people who no longer exist, sustain us...  sort of like that original ethos... it's a good thing that never dies that carries life forward, probably the most fundamental important thing I've ever discarded in my life and I feel like that's what all religions are trying to convey but the problem is young people today... I forgot it I'm not even going to global scope LOL... 

the coolest idea about engineering is that you can abstract in essence infinite levels of information and like... I think that's single-handedly the most powerful idea because, when you're dealing with a lot of information overload and a lot of ideas and density of information, and not just that but also the subconscious processes of like unprocessed trauma and pain and insecurities and unsolved issues and questions and, you just end up asking yourself, where the heck am i? that's the most important somatic question I think you could ask because once you start treating your mind like it's a physical thing and not just a storm of invisible processes, it's like... wait we already mentioned this LOL this is what I mean! when you have engineering systems, it's much harder to duplicate materials and information because digital workflows are editable and programmable but the human mind really only works one way I think through association and context that means that in order to manage an entire inner universe ecosystem, you have no real system built in for that. 

you can never see the total size of all of the files.  there's no way to visualize it, and really your only option is to externalize lovely without drowning in a duplicate clone mirror of your own mind! and that's actually the art of personal knowledge management. I don't even think it should be called personal knowledge Management because it's much more like chaos management, I don't know if we mentioned this previously GPT but that's the name of the little class that we're working on. so in summary, I'm realizing that there is a clear purpose of technology in our life and it's no longer just a social media feed that is consuming our dopamine system but now we are using it ethically to solve real world problems and I feel like that should be the ethos of all human engineers! 

but there's also like this yin yang balance which is super fascinating because you also can't just dump every thought you have into the system because then you have to pretty much manage the noise itself, I mean it's really like the mycelium Network analogy you just test some workflows some techniques and you continue to iterate an integrate and learn and evolve and augment and I feel like eventually a system does reach a point where it's like you've discovered The Sweet spot and you've calibrated it so deeply that it's almost like it has the fingerprint map of your soul or something crazy like that and obsidian has felt like that many times in the past but sometimes you do not want to dump all of your soul into a digital system! 

however, I think you might want to pour all of your soul into your work, but that also leads us to the ethics of our work you know you can't just share raw on processed material like characters being tormented like we experience with neon Genesis evangelion last night.

but then there's also like the final boss sort of speak like even with a sustainable system, even with chaos management, even with self-awareness, in the end you do not live forever and that's just like... I'm still trying to figure out what's the proper reaction to death because it's not just death, it's like death of consciousness and there's nothing more terrifying than that because it's like a forbidden question you know? and my only answer to this is, there's no correct attitude towards that it's just something you do not face directly. you live a meaningful enough life and that's enough. there's no need for your mortality or soul preservation or cryostasis. really my attitude towards death has been shaped by Carl Jung's last interview, where he spoke of his patients and how people in their old age who are dying, they do not fear death and in fact they actively Express wanting to live more as if Life Will Go on forever. and you know what Carl said? "I see it no other way. "

oh my gosh could you imagine storing all of the quotes in my little e girl head! 😂 

could you imagine if you could actually visualize the inner map cosmos of a human being? like would you visualize it as a network graph? would it be a walkable space like Google earth, where three dimensional shapes represent containers of information like memories and quotes and associations? I mean I really hope I get to live to see the day where stuff like that is possible... you could be able see unprocessed trauma and wounds and you could literally see... like this is so important for not just newer divergent people but just like anyone in general, you would be able to physically see the pain you feel and that's the hardest part about psychological wounds. they feel like they're not real because they live in your head especially when you can't express them and you can't cry and you can't form the words so another human being understands the hell you're living through everyday. I think that's what human art is for but at the same time you can't just share that stuff on processed because that will just re traumatize someone honestly all of this is all very complex and we need to just let our little mycelium Network continue finding its path but honestly I'm in a really happy place in my life right now and I'm just grateful that I no longer feel isolated or alone or hopeless or stuck because very human being that's like psychologically living in a cavern by yourself... and you know that no human are living being belongs isolated like that.

that idea is expressed frequently in many images and metaphors in our store universe but like I said earlier, we really cannot Rush this stuff because the ethics of it really important now and that's something we didn't take into account previously. but also it's like the grim reaper watches over your shoulder and is like "what are you waiting for?"

the only answer in the situation is the yin yang honestly I love that philosophy :)